➜  ~ dnf list installed > current-packages.txt
echo "Installed packages saved to current-packages.txt"

Updating and loading repositories:
 Fedora 41 - x86_64 - Updates           100% |  17.5 KiB/s |  17.7 KiB |  00m01s
Repositories loaded.
No matching packages to list
Installed packages saved to current-packages.txt
➜  ~ CONFIGS=(
    ~/.config/i3
    ~/.config/alacritty
    ~/.config/nvim
    ~/.zshrc
    ~/.tmux.conf
    ~/.gitconfig
    ~/.ssh/config
    ~/.xinitrc
    ~/.Xresources
)

echo "=== Configuration files audit ==="
for config in "${CONFIGS[@]}"; do
    if [[ -e "$config" ]]; then
        echo "✓ $config exists"
        # Check if it's in dotfiles
        if [[ -L "$config" ]]; then
            echo "  → Symlinked (likely in dotfiles)"
        else
            echo "  → NOT symlinked - may need to add to dotfiles"
        fi
    else
        echo "✗ $config missing"
    fi
done

=== Configuration files audit ===
✓ /home/zorko/.config/i3 exists
  → NOT symlinked - may need to add to dotfiles
✗ /home/zorko/.config/alacritty missing
✓ /home/zorko/.config/nvim exists
  → NOT symlinked - may need to add to dotfiles
✓ /home/zorko/.zshrc exists
  → Symlinked (likely in dotfiles)
✓ /home/zorko/.tmux.conf exists
  → Symlinked (likely in dotfiles)
✓ /home/zorko/.gitconfig exists
  → NOT symlinked - may need to add to dotfiles
✓ /home/zorko/.ssh/config exists
  → NOT symlinked - may need to add to dotfiles
✗ /home/zorko/.xinitrc missing
✓ /home/zorko/.Xresources exists
  → NOT symlinked - may need to add to dotfiles
➜  ~ echo "=== User services ==="
systemctl --user list-units --state=enabled

echo "=== System services (custom) ==="
systemctl list-units --state=enabled | grep -v "^  " | grep -E "(docker|bluetooth|NetworkManager)"

=== User services ===
Failed to execute 'pager', will try 'less' next: Permission denied
  UNIT LOAD ACTIVE SUB DESCRIPTION

0 loaded units listed.
=== System services (custom) ===
➜  ~ ls -la ~/.config/i3/
total 20
drwxr-xr-x. 1 zorko zorko    34 Aug 22 17:48 .
drwxr-xr-x. 1 zorko zorko  1464 Sep  5 20:44 ..
lrwxrwxrwx  1 zorko zorko    36 Mar 10 21:24 config -> ../../.dotfiles/i3/.config/i3/config
-rw-r--r--  1 zorko zorko 16384 Jul  2  2024 .config.swp
➜  ~ cd .dotfiles
➜  .dotfiles git:(master) ✗ ls -la ~/.config/i3/
total 20
drwxr-xr-x. 1 zorko zorko    34 Aug 22 17:48 .
drwxr-xr-x. 1 zorko zorko  1464 Sep  5 20:44 ..
lrwxrwxrwx  1 zorko zorko    36 Mar 10 21:24 config -> ../../.dotfiles/i3/.config/i3/config
-rw-r--r--  1 zorko zorko 16384 Jul  2  2024 .config.swp
➜  .dotfiles git:(master) ✗ ./stow --mode i3 --dry-run
Usage: ./stow [--mode PRESET]
➜  .dotfiles git:(master) ✗ @resources/presets/ideapad_330/
zsh: no such file or directory: @resources/presets/ideapad_330/
➜  .dotfiles git:(master) ✗ ls -la ~/.config/i3/
total 20
drwxr-xr-x. 1 zorko zorko    34 Aug 22 17:48 .
drwxr-xr-x. 1 zorko zorko  1464 Sep  5 20:44 ..
lrwxrwxrwx  1 zorko zorko    36 Mar 10 21:24 config -> ../../.dotfiles/i3/.config/i3/config
-rw-r--r--  1 zorko zorko 16384 Jul  2  2024 .config.swp
➜  .dotfiles git:(master) ✗ ls -la ~/personal/custom-dev-exp/linux-dev-playbook/resources/presets/ideapad_330
total 0
drwxr-xr-x 1 zorko zorko 16 Aug 16 18:03 .
drwxr-xr-x 1 zorko zorko 60 Aug 16 18:03 ..
-rw-r--r-- 1 zorko zorko  0 Aug 16 18:03 .gitkeep
➜  .dotfiles git:(master) ✗ ls -la ~/bin
ls: cannot access '/home/zorko/bin': No such file or directory
➜  .dotfiles git:(master) ✗ ~/.local/bin
➜  bin ls
ansible             ansible-console  ansible-inventory  ansible-pull   black       diff-quality  meson     pip3        py.test   tmux-initializer  tuned_indicator.py
ansible-config      ansible-doc      ansible-lint       ansible-test   blackd      flask         molecule  pip3.13     pytest    tmux-sessionizer  wheel
ansible-connection  ansible-galaxy   ansible-playbook   ansible-vault  diff-cover  markdown-it   pip       pygmentize  sqlfluff  tqdm              yamllint






this was in my current-packages:

""
Installed packages
Box2D.x86_64                                         2.4.2-1.fc41                         fedora
CharLS.x86_64                                        2.4.2-6.fc41                         fedora
GraphicsMagick.x86_64                                1.3.45-1.fc41                        fedora
GraphicsMagick-c++.x86_64                            1.3.45-1.fc41                        fedora
ImageMagick.x86_64                                   1:7.1.1.47-1.fc41                    updates
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                              1:7.1.1.47-1.fc41                    updates
ImageMagick-perl.x86_64                              1:7.1.1.47-1.fc41                    updates
LibRaw.x86_64                                        0.21.4-1.fc41                        updates
Lmod.x86_64                                          8.7.55-1.fc41                        updates
ModemManager.x86_64                                  1.22.0-4.fc41                        fedora
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                             1.22.0-4.fc41                        fedora
NetworkManager.x86_64                                1:1.50.3-1.fc41                      updates
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                           1:1.50.3-1.fc41                      updates
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                      1:1.50.3-1.fc41                      updates
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                          1:1.50.3-1.fc41                      updates
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                        1:1.12.0-2.fc41                      fedora
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                  1:1.12.0-2.fc41                      fedora
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                            1:1.50.3-1.fc41                      updates
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                           1:1.50.3-1.fc41                      updates
NetworkManager-tui.x86_64                            1:1.50.3-1.fc41                      updates
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                           1:1.50.3-1.fc41                      updates
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                           1:1.50.3-1.fc41                      updates
OpenColorIO.x86_64                                   2.3.2-4.fc41                         fedora
OpenImageIO.x86_64                                   2.5.16.0-1.fc41                      fedora
PackageKit.x86_64                                    1.2.8-8.fc41                         updates
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                               1.2.8-8.fc41                         updates
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                   1.2.8-8.fc41                         updates
SDL2.i686                                            2.30.11-1.fc41                       updates
SDL2.x86_64                                          2.30.11-1.fc41                       updates
SDL2_image.x86_64                                    2.8.8-1.fc41                         updates
SDL2_net.x86_64                                      2.2.0-6.fc41                         fedora
SDL3.i686                                            3.2.16-1.fc41                        updates
SDL3.x86_64                                          3.2.16-1.fc41                        updates
SLOF.noarch                                          20220719-5.git6b6c16b4.fc41          fedora
SuperLU.x86_64                                       6.0.1-6.fc41                         fedora
Thunar.x86_64                                        4.18.11-1.fc41                       fedora
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                       3.105-0.5.20210729git2a87ac6.fc41    fedora
aalib-libs.x86_64                                    1.4.0-0.51.rc5.fc41                  fedora
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.301-13.fc41                        fedora
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                    0.301-13.fc41                        fedora
abrt.x86_64                                          2.17.6-3.fc41                        updates
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                               2.17.6-3.fc41                        updates
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                         2.17.6-3.fc41                        updates
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                         2.17.6-3.fc41                        updates
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                             2.17.6-3.fc41                        updates
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                               2.17.6-3.fc41                        updates
abrt-cli.x86_64                                      2.17.6-3.fc41                        updates
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                     2.17.6-3.fc41                        updates
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                  2.17.6-3.fc41                        updates
abrt-gui.x86_64                                      2.17.6-3.fc41                        updates
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                 2.17.6-3.fc41                        updates
abrt-libs.x86_64                                     2.17.6-3.fc41                        updates
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                             2.17.6-3.fc41                        updates
abrt-tui.noarch                                      2.17.6-3.fc41                        updates
abseil-cpp.x86_64                                    20240722.1-1.fc41                    updates
accountsservice.x86_64                               23.13.9-8.fc41                       updates
acl.x86_64                                           2.3.2-2.fc41                         fedora
add-determinism.x86_64                               0.3.6-3.fc41                         updates
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20231115-1.fc41                      updates
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20231115-1.fc41                      updates
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20190401-8.fc41                      fedora
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                   2.042.1.062.1.026-5.fc41             fedora
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          47.0-1.fc41                          fedora
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                            3.28-20.fc41                         fedora
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            47.0-1.fc41                          fedora
adwaita-icon-theme-legacy.noarch                     46.2-2.fc41                          fedora
akmods.noarch                                        0.6.0-8.fc41                         updates
alacritty.x86_64                                     0.15.1-3.fc41                        updates
alembic-libs.x86_64                                  1.8.8-1.fc41                         updates
alsa-lib.i686                                        1.2.14-3.fc41                        updates
alsa-lib.x86_64                                      1.2.14-3.fc41                        updates
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                             2025.05-1.fc41                       updates
alsa-ucm.noarch                                      1.2.14-3.fc41                        updates
alsa-utils.x86_64                                    1.2.14-1.fc41                        updates
alternatives.x86_64                                  1.31-1.fc41                          updates
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                              20250808-1.fc41                      updates
amd-ucode-firmware.noarch                            20250808-1.fc41                      updates
anaconda.x86_64                                      41.35-2.fc41                         fedora
anaconda-core.x86_64                                 41.35-2.fc41                         fedora
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                  41.35-2.fc41                         fedora
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                     41.35-2.fc41                         fedora
anaconda-live.noarch                                 41.35-2.fc41                         fedora
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                  41.35-2.fc41                         fedora
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                              41.35-2.fc41                         fedora
android-tools.x86_64                                 1:35.0.2-3.fc41                      updates
annobin-docs.noarch                                  12.69-1.fc41                         fedora
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                            12.69-1.fc41                         fedora
ansible.noarch                                       9.13.0-1.fc41                        updates
ansible-core.noarch                                  2.16.14-2.fc41                       updates
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                           1-16.fc41                            fedora
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                 1.0.0.20240502-8.fc41                fedora
antiword.x86_64                                      0.37-39.fc41                         fedora
appstream.x86_64                                     1.0.4-2.fc41                         updates
appstream-data.noarch                                41-11.fc41                           updates
apr.x86_64                                           1.7.5-1.fc41                         fedora
apr-util.x86_64                                      1.6.3-21.fc41                        fedora
apr-util-lmdb.x86_64                                 1.6.3-21.fc41                        fedora
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                              1.6.3-21.fc41                        fedora
arandr.noarch                                        0.1.11-7.fc41                        fedora
aribb24.x86_64                                       1.0.3^20160216git5e9be27-1.fc41      fedora
armadillo.x86_64                                     12.8.1-2.fc41                        fedora
arpack.x86_64                                        3.9.1-4.fc41                         fedora
at.x86_64                                            3.2.5-12.fc41                        fedora
at-spi2-atk.i686                                     2.54.1-1.fc41                        updates
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                   2.54.1-1.fc41                        updates
at-spi2-core.i686                                    2.54.1-1.fc41                        updates
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                  2.54.1-1.fc41                        updates
atheros-firmware.noarch                              20250808-1.fc41                      updates
atk.i686                                             2.54.1-1.fc41                        updates
atk.x86_64                                           2.54.1-1.fc41                        updates
atkmm.x86_64                                         2.28.4-2.fc41                        fedora
attr.x86_64                                          2.5.2-4.fc41                         fedora
audit.x86_64                                         4.1.1-1.fc41                         updates
audit-libs.i686                                      4.1.1-1.fc41                         updates
audit-libs.x86_64                                    4.1.1-1.fc41                         updates
audit-rules.x86_64                                   4.1.1-1.fc41                         updates
augeas-libs.x86_64                                   1.14.2-0.4.20250324git4dffa3d.fc41   updates
authselect.x86_64                                    1.5.0-8.fc41                         fedora
authselect-libs.x86_64                               1.5.0-8.fc41                         fedora
autoconf.noarch                                      2.72-4.fc41                          updates
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
automake.noarch                                      1.16.5-17.fc41                       fedora
autorandr.noarch                                     1.15-1.fc41                          updates
avahi.x86_64                                         0.8-29.fc41                          fedora
avahi-glib.i686                                      0.8-29.fc41                          fedora
avahi-glib.x86_64                                    0.8-29.fc41                          fedora
avahi-libs.i686                                      0.8-29.fc41                          fedora
avahi-libs.x86_64                                    0.8-29.fc41                          fedora
avif-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            1.1.1-1.fc41                         updates
azote.noarch                                         1.16.0-1.fc41                        updates
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                  019-37.fc41                          fedora
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                  5.2-44.fc41                          fedora
babl.x86_64                                          0.1.114-1.fc41                       updates
basesystem.noarch                                    11-21.fc41                           fedora
bash.x86_64                                          5.2.32-1.fc41                        fedora
bash-color-prompt.noarch                             0.5-2.fc41                           fedora
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.16-1.fc41                        updates
bc.x86_64                                            1.07.1-22.fc41                       fedora
biber.noarch                                         2.19-6.fc41                          fedora
bind-libs.x86_64                                     32:9.18.33-1.fc41                    updates
bind-utils.x86_64                                    32:9.18.33-1.fc41                    updates
binutils.x86_64                                      2.43.1-8.fc41                        updates
binutils-gold.x86_64                                 2.43.1-8.fc41                        updates
bison.x86_64                                         3.8.2-9.fc41                         fedora
blender.x86_64                                       1:4.4.3-1.fc41                       updates
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.11.0-4.fc41                      updates
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                            2.6.0-2.fc41                         updates
blosc.x86_64                                         1.21.6-1.fc41                        fedora
bluez.x86_64                                         5.83-2.fc41                          updates
bluez-cups.x86_64                                    5.83-2.fc41                          updates
bluez-libs.i686                                      5.83-2.fc41                          updates
bluez-libs.x86_64                                    5.83-2.fc41                          updates
boost-atomic.x86_64                                  1.83.0-8.fc41                        fedora
boost-chrono.x86_64                                  1.83.0-8.fc41                        fedora
boost-date-time.x86_64                               1.83.0-8.fc41                        fedora
boost-filesystem.x86_64                              1.83.0-8.fc41                        fedora
boost-iostreams.x86_64                               1.83.0-8.fc41                        fedora
boost-locale.x86_64                                  1.83.0-8.fc41                        fedora
boost-program-options.x86_64                         1.83.0-8.fc41                        fedora
boost-python3.x86_64                                 1.83.0-8.fc41                        fedora
boost-regex.x86_64                                   1.83.0-8.fc41                        fedora
boost-system.x86_64                                  1.83.0-8.fc41                        fedora
boost-thread.x86_64                                  1.83.0-8.fc41                        fedora
braille-printer-app.x86_64                           1:2.0~b0^386eea385f-7.fc41           fedora
brave-browser.x86_64                                 1.81.136-1                           brave-browser
brave-keyring.noarch                                 1.19-1                               brave-browser
brcmfmac-firmware.noarch                             20250808-1.fc41                      updates
brightnessctl.x86_64                                 0.5.1-12.fc41                        fedora
brlapi.x86_64                                        0.8.5-22.fc41                        updates
brltty.x86_64                                        6.6-22.fc41                          updates
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                   6.16-1.fc41                          updates
bubblewrap.x86_64                                    0.10.0-1.fc41                        fedora
build-reproducibility-srpm-macros.noarch             0.3.6-3.fc41                         updates
bzip2.x86_64                                         1.0.8-19.fc41                        fedora
bzip2-libs.i686                                      1.0.8-19.fc41                        fedora
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                    1.0.8-19.fc41                        fedora
c-ares.x86_64                                        1.34.5-1.fc41                        updates
ca-certificates.noarch                               2024.2.69_v8.0.401-1.0.fc41          fedora
cabextract.x86_64                                    1.11-5.fc41                          fedora
caca-utils.x86_64                                    0.99-0.75.beta20.fc41                fedora
cairo.i686                                           1.18.2-2.fc41                        updates
cairo.x86_64                                         1.18.2-2.fc41                        updates
cairo-gobject.i686                                   1.18.2-2.fc41                        updates
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                 1.18.2-2.fc41                        updates
cairomm.x86_64                                       1.14.5-7.fc41                        updates
cairomm1.16.x86_64                                   1.18.0-7.fc41                        updates
calcurse.x86_64                                      4.8.2-1.fc41                         updates
capstone.x86_64                                      5.0.1-6.fc41                         fedora
cargo.x86_64                                         1.89.0-2.fc41                        updates
catimg.x86_64                                        2.7.0-12.fc41                        fedora
cdparanoia-libs.i686                                 10.2-45.fc41                         fedora
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                               10.2-45.fc41                         fedora
cfitsio.x86_64                                       4.6.0-1.fc41                         updates
checkpolicy.x86_64                                   3.7-2.fc41                           fedora
chkconfig.x86_64                                     1.31-1.fc41                          updates
chrony.x86_64                                        4.7-1.fc41                           updates
cifs-utils.x86_64                                    7.1-2.fc41                           fedora
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                               7.1-2.fc41                           fedora
cirrus-audio-firmware.noarch                         20250808-1.fc41                      updates
cjson.x86_64                                         1.7.18-1.fc41                        fedora
clang.x86_64                                         19.1.7-5.fc41                        updates
clang-libs.x86_64                                    19.1.7-5.fc41                        updates
clang-resource-filesystem.x86_64                     19.1.7-5.fc41                        updates
clang-tools-extra.x86_64                             19.1.7-5.fc41                        updates
clang15-libs.x86_64                                  15.0.7-8.fc41                        fedora
clang15-resource-filesystem.x86_64                   15.0.7-8.fc41                        fedora
clang17.x86_64                                       17.0.6-9.fc41                        fedora
clang17-devel.x86_64                                 17.0.6-9.fc41                        fedora
clang17-libs.x86_64                                  17.0.6-9.fc41                        fedora
clang17-resource-filesystem.x86_64                   17.0.6-9.fc41                        fedora
clang17-tools-extra.x86_64                           17.0.6-9.fc41                        fedora
clang18.x86_64                                       18.1.8-5.fc41                        fedora
clang18-devel.x86_64                                 18.1.8-5.fc41                        fedora
clang18-libs.x86_64                                  18.1.8-5.fc41                        fedora
clang18-resource-filesystem.x86_64                   18.1.8-5.fc41                        fedora
clang18-tools-extra.x86_64                           18.1.8-5.fc41                        fedora
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                         1:46.1-1.fc41                        updates
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                     1:46.1-1.fc41                        updates
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                          2.3.3.4-49.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc41  fedora
clucene-core.x86_64                                  2.3.3.4-49.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc41  fedora
cmake.x86_64                                         3.30.8-1.fc41                        <unknown>
cmake-data.noarch                                    3.30.8-1.fc41                        <unknown>
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                              3.30.8-1.fc41                        updates
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                              3.30.8-1.fc41                        updates
code.x86_64                                          1.103.2-1755709837.el8               code
codec2.x86_64                                        1.2.0-5.fc41                         fedora
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-34.fc41                            fedora
colord.x86_64                                        1.4.7-5.fc41                         fedora
colord-libs.i686                                     1.4.7-5.fc41                         fedora
colord-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.7-5.fc41                         fedora
compat-lua.x86_64                                    5.1.5-26.fc41                        fedora
compat-lua-devel.x86_64                              5.1.5-26.fc41                        fedora
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                               5.1.5-26.fc41                        fedora
compiler-rt17.x86_64                                 17.0.6-6.fc41                        fedora
compiler-rt18.x86_64                                 18.1.8-3.fc41                        fedora
composefs-libs.x86_64                                1.0.8-1.fc41                         updates
compsize.x86_64                                      1.5-9.fc41                           fedora
conky.x86_64                                         1.22.0-1.fc41                        updates
container-selinux.noarch                             4:2.241.0-1.fc41                     updates
containerd.io.x86_64                                 1.7.27-3.1.fc41                      docker-ce-stable
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                              4.1-6.fc41                           fedora
coreutils.x86_64                                     9.5-12.fc41                          updates
coreutils-common.x86_64                              9.5-12.fc41                          updates
cpio.x86_64                                          2.15-2.fc41                          fedora
cpp.x86_64                                           14.3.1-3.fc41                        updates
cpuinfo.x86_64                                       23.11.04-0.gitd6860c4.fc41.1         fedora
cracklib.x86_64                                      2.9.11-6.fc41                        fedora
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                2.9.11-6.fc41                        fedora
criu.x86_64                                          4.1.1-1.fc41                         updates
cronie.x86_64                                        1.7.2-2.fc41                         fedora
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                1.7.2-2.fc41                         fedora
crontabs.noarch                                      1.11^20190603git9e74f2d-4.fc41       fedora
crypto-policies.noarch                               20250707-1.git836bbee.fc41           updates
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20250707-1.git836bbee.fc41           updates
cryptsetup.x86_64                                    2.8.0-1.fc41                         updates
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                               2.8.0-1.fc41                         updates
ctags.x86_64                                         6.0.0-6.fc41                         fedora
cups.x86_64                                          1:2.4.12-2.fc41                      updates
cups-browsed.x86_64                                  1:2.1.1-4.fc41                       updates
cups-client.x86_64                                   1:2.4.12-2.fc41                      updates
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.4.12-2.fc41                      updates
cups-filters.x86_64                                  1:2.0.1-8.fc41                       updates
cups-filters-driverless.x86_64                       1:2.0.1-8.fc41                       updates
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                  1:2.4.12-2.fc41                      updates
cups-libs.i686                                       1:2.4.12-2.fc41                      updates
cups-libs.x86_64                                     1:2.4.12-2.fc41                      updates
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                0.2.7-8.fc41                         fedora
curl.x86_64                                          8.9.1-3.fc41                         updates
cxl-libs.x86_64                                      82-1.fc41                            updates
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                    2.1.28-27.fc41                       fedora
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                             2.1.28-27.fc41                       fedora
cyrus-sasl-lib.i686                                  2.1.28-27.fc41                       fedora
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                2.1.28-27.fc41                       fedora
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                              2.1.28-27.fc41                       fedora
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                   82-1.fc41                            updates
dbeaver-ce.x86_64                                    24.3.4-stable                        @commandline
dbus.x86_64                                          1:1.14.10-4.fc41                     fedora
dbus-broker.x86_64                                   36-5.fc41                            updates
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.14.10-4.fc41                     fedora
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                   1:1.14.10-4.fc41                     fedora
dbus-libs.i686                                       1:1.14.10-4.fc41                     fedora
dbus-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.14.10-4.fc41                     fedora
dbus-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.14.10-4.fc41                     fedora
dbus-x11.x86_64                                      1:1.14.10-4.fc41                     fedora
dcmtk.x86_64                                         3.6.7-7.fc41                         fedora
dconf.i686                                           0.40.0-14.fc41                       fedora
dconf.x86_64                                         0.40.0-14.fc41                       fedora
debugedit.x86_64                                     5.1-6.fc41                           updates
default-fonts-am.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-ar.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-as.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-ast.noarch                             4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-be.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-bg.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-bn.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-bo.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-br.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-chr.noarch                             4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-cjk-mono.noarch                        4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-cjk-sans.noarch                        4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-cjk-serif.noarch                       4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-core-emoji.noarch                      4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-core-math.noarch                       4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-core-mono.noarch                       4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-core-sans.noarch                       4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-core-serif.noarch                      4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-dv.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-dz.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-el.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-eo.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-eu.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-fa.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-gu.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-he.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-hi.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-hy.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-ia.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-iu.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-ka.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-km.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-kn.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-ku.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-lo.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-mai.noarch                             4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-ml.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-mni.noarch                             4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-mr.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-my.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-nb.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-ne.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-nn.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-nr.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-nso.noarch                             4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-or.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-other-mono.noarch                      4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-other-sans.noarch                      4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-other-serif.noarch                     4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-pa.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-ru.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-sat.noarch                             4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-si.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-ss.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-ta.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-te.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-th.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-tn.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-ts.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-uk.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-ur.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-ve.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-vi.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-xh.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-yi.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
default-fonts-zu.noarch                              4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                             2.37-24.fc41                         fedora
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                        2.37-24.fc41                         fedora
deltarpm.x86_64                                      3.6.5-1.fc41                         fedora
desktop-backgrounds-compat.noarch                    41.0.0-1.fc41                        fedora
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                            0.27-2.fc41                          fedora
device-mapper.x86_64                                 1.02.199-4.fc41                      fedora
device-mapper-event.x86_64                           1.02.199-4.fc41                      fedora
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                      1.02.199-4.fc41                      fedora
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                            1.02.199-4.fc41                      fedora
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                  0.9.9-3.fc41                         fedora
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                 1.0.12-3.fc41                        fedora
dex-autostart.noarch                                 0.10.1-1.fc41                        fedora
dhcp-client.x86_64                                   12:4.4.3-14.P1.fc41                  fedora
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.4.3-14.P1.fc41                  fedora
diffstat.x86_64                                      1.66-2.fc41                          fedora
diffutils.x86_64                                     3.10-8.fc41                          fedora
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                         1.114-1.fc41                         updates
dmenu.x86_64                                         5.3-2.fc41                           fedora
dmidecode.x86_64                                     1:3.6-4.fc41                         fedora
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.23.0-1.fc41                        updates
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.10.1-1.fc41                        updates
dnf5.x86_64                                          5.2.16.0-1.fc41                      updates
dnf5-plugins.x86_64                                  5.2.16.0-1.fc41                      updates
dnsmasq.x86_64                                       2.90-4.fc41                          updates
docker-buildx.x86_64                                 0.26.1-2.fc41                        updates
docker-cli.x86_64                                    28.3.3-1.fc41                        updates
docker-compose.x86_64                                2.39.2-1.fc41                        updates
docker-compose-switch.x86_64                         1.0.5-1.fc41                         fedora
dos2unix.x86_64                                      7.5.2-2.fc41                         fedora
dosbox-staging.x86_64                                0.81.2-3.fc41                        fedora
dosfstools.x86_64                                    4.2-13.fc41                          fedora
dotconf.x86_64                                       1.4.1-3.fc41                         fedora
double-conversion.x86_64                             3.3.1-1.fc41                         updates
doxygen.x86_64                                       2:1.12.0-2.fc41                      updates
draco.x86_64                                         1.5.7-3.fc41                         fedora
dracut.x86_64                                        103-4.fc41                           updates
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                          103-4.fc41                           updates
dracut-live.x86_64                                   103-4.fc41                           updates
dracut-network.x86_64                                103-4.fc41                           updates
dracut-squash.x86_64                                 103-4.fc41                           updates
duktape.i686                                         2.7.0-8.fc41                         fedora
duktape.x86_64                                       2.7.0-8.fc41                         fedora
dumpet.x86_64                                        2.1-30.fc41                          fedora
dunst.x86_64                                         1.12.2-1.fc41                        updates
dwz.x86_64                                           0.15-8.fc41                          fedora
dyninst.x86_64                                       12.3.0-7.fc41                        fedora
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                     1.47.1-6.fc41                        fedora
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                1.47.1-6.fc41                        fedora
ed.x86_64                                            1.20.2-2.fc41                        fedora
edk2-aarch64.noarch                                  20241117-5.fc41                      updates
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                     20241117-5.fc41                      updates
edk2-riscv64.noarch                                  20241117-5.fc41                      updates
efi-filesystem.noarch                                5-13.fc41                            updates
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                               5-13.fc41                            updates
efibootmgr.x86_64                                    18-7.fc41                            fedora
efivar-libs.x86_64                                   39-6.fc41                            fedora
elfutils.x86_64                                      0.193-2.fc41                         updates
elfutils-debuginfod-client.i686                      0.193-2.fc41                         updates
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                    0.193-2.fc41                         updates
elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.x86_64              0.193-2.fc41                         updates
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.193-2.fc41                         updates
elfutils-devel.x86_64                                0.193-2.fc41                         updates
elfutils-libelf.i686                                 0.193-2.fc41                         updates
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                               0.193-2.fc41                         updates
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                         0.193-2.fc41                         updates
elfutils-libs.i686                                   0.193-2.fc41                         updates
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                 0.193-2.fc41                         updates
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:30.0-3.fc41                        fedora
embree.x86_64                                        4.4.0-1.fc41                         updates
enchant2.x86_64                                      2.8.1-3.fc41                         updates
environment-modules.x86_64                           5.4.0-2.fc41                         fedora
erofs-utils.x86_64                                   1.8.10-1.fc41                        updates
espeak-ng.x86_64                                     1.51.1-9.fc41                        fedora
ethtool.x86_64                                       2:6.15-3.fc41                        updates
exempi.x86_64                                        2.6.4-6.fc41                         fedora
exfatprogs.x86_64                                    1.2.9-1.fc41                         updates
exiv2.x86_64                                         0.28.5-1.fc41                        updates
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                    0.28.5-1.fc41                        updates
exo.x86_64                                           4.18.0-6.fc41                        fedora
expat.i686                                           2.7.1-1.fc41                         updates
expat.x86_64                                         2.7.1-1.fc41                         updates
f2fs-tools.x86_64                                    1.16.0-5.fc41                        fedora
f40-backgrounds-base.noarch                          40.2.0-2.fc41                        fedora
f41-backgrounds-base.noarch                          41.0.2-1.fc41                        updates
fakeroot.x86_64                                      1.37.1-1.fc41                        updates
fakeroot-libs.x86_64                                 1.37.1-1.fc41                        updates
fd-find.x86_64                                       10.2.0-3.fc41                        updates
fdk-aac-free.i686                                    2.0.0-14.fc41                        fedora
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                  2.0.0-14.fc41                        fedora
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                               41-3                                 updates
fedora-logos.noarch                                  38.1.0-6.fc41                        fedora
fedora-release.noarch                                41-33                                updates
fedora-release-common.noarch                         41-33                                updates
fedora-release-identity-basic.noarch                 41-33                                updates
fedora-repos.noarch                                  41-3                                 updates
fedora-third-party.noarch                            0.10-10.fc41                         fedora
fedora-workstation-repositories.x86_64               38-6.fc41                            fedora
feh.x86_64                                           3.10.3-1.fc41                        fedora
ffmpeg-free.x86_64                                   7.1.1-4.fc41                         updates
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                              3.3.10-13.fc41                       fedora
fftw-libs-single.x86_64                              3.3.10-13.fc41                       fedora
file.x86_64                                          5.45-7.fc41                          fedora
file-libs.x86_64                                     5.45-7.fc41                          fedora
filesystem.x86_64                                    3.18-23.fc41                         fedora
findutils.x86_64                                     1:4.10.0-4.fc41                      fedora
firebird.x86_64                                      4.0.4.3010-4.fc41                    fedora
firebird-utils.x86_64                                4.0.4.3010-4.fc41                    fedora
firefox.x86_64                                       141.0.3-1.fc41                       updates
firefox-langpacks.x86_64                             141.0.3-1.fc41                       updates
firewalld.noarch                                     2.2.3-2.fc41                         updates
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          2.2.3-2.fc41                         updates
flac-libs.i686                                       1.4.3-5.fc41                         fedora
flac-libs.x86_64                                     1.4.3-5.fc41                         fedora
flameshot.x86_64                                     12.1.0-7.fc41                        fedora
flashrom.x86_64                                      1.4.0-1.fc41                         fedora
flatpak.x86_64                                       1.16.1-1.fc41                        updates
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                  1.16.1-1.fc41                        updates
flatpak-selinux.noarch                               1.16.1-1.fc41                        updates
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                        1.16.1-1.fc41                        updates
flex.x86_64                                          2.6.4-18.fc41                        fedora
flexiblas.x86_64                                     3.4.5-1.fc41                         updates
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                              3.4.5-1.fc41                         updates
flexiblas-netlib64.x86_64                            3.4.5-1.fc41                         updates
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                     3.4.5-1.fc41                         updates
flexiblas-openblas-openmp64.x86_64                   3.4.5-1.fc41                         updates
flexiblas-openblas-serial.x86_64                     3.4.5-1.fc41                         updates
flite.x86_64                                         2.2-9.fc41                           fedora
fluid-soundfont-common.noarch                        3.1-33.fc41                          fedora
fluid-soundfont-gm.noarch                            3.1-33.fc41                          fedora
fluid-soundfont-gs.noarch                            3.1-33.fc41                          fedora
fluidsynth-libs.x86_64                               2.4.7-1.fc41                         updates
flute.noarch                                         1.3.0-38.OOo31.fc41                  fedora
fmt.x86_64                                           11.0.2-2.fc41                        fedora
fontconfig.i686                                      2.15.0-8.fc41                        fedora
fontconfig.x86_64                                    2.15.0-8.fc41                        fedora
fonts-filesystem.noarch                              1:2.0.5-17.fc41                      fedora
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                             1:2.0.5-17.fc41                      fedora
forge-srpm-macros.noarch                             0.4.0-1.fc41                         updates
fpaste.noarch                                        0.5.0.0-1.fc41                       fedora
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.3-13.fc41                          fedora
fprintd.x86_64                                       1.94.5-1.fc41                        updates
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                   1.94.5-1.fc41                        updates
freeglut.x86_64                                      3.6.0-4.fc41                         updates
freetype.i686                                        2.13.3-1.fc41                        fedora
freetype.x86_64                                      2.13.3-1.fc41                        fedora
freexl.x86_64                                        2.0.0-11.fc41                        updates
fribidi.i686                                         1.0.15-2.fc41                        fedora
fribidi.x86_64                                       1.0.15-2.fc41                        fedora
fstrm.x86_64                                         0.6.1-11.fc41                        fedora
fuse.x86_64                                          2.9.9-22.fc41                        fedora
fuse-common.x86_64                                   3.16.2-4.fc41                        fedora
fuse-libs.x86_64                                     2.9.9-22.fc41                        fedora
fuse3.x86_64                                         3.16.2-4.fc41                        fedora
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                    3.16.2-4.fc41                        fedora
fwupd.x86_64                                         1.9.31-1.fc41                        updates
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                     1.6-1.fc41                           fedora
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                         1.9.31-1.fc41                        updates
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                    1.9.31-1.fc41                        updates
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                1.9.31-1.fc41                        updates
fzf.x86_64                                           0.65.1-1.fc41                        updates
game-music-emu.x86_64                                0.6.3-15.fc41                        fedora
gamemode.x86_64                                      1.8.2-1.fc41                         fedora
gamescope.x86_64                                     3.16.4-2.fc41                        updates
garcon.x86_64                                        4.18.2-3.fc41                        fedora
gawk.x86_64                                          5.3.0-4.fc41                         fedora
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                            5.3.0-4.fc41                         fedora
gc.x86_64                                            8.2.6-2.fc41                         fedora
gcc.x86_64                                           14.3.1-3.fc41                        updates
gcc-c++.x86_64                                       14.3.1-3.fc41                        updates
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                  14.3.1-3.fc41                        updates
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                            14.3.1-3.fc41                        updates
gcr-libs.x86_64                                      4.3.0-3.fc41                         fedora
gcr3.x86_64                                          3.41.1-9.fc41                        fedora
gcr3-base.x86_64                                     3.41.1-9.fc41                        fedora
gd.i686                                              2.3.3-17.fc41                        fedora
gd.x86_64                                            2.3.3-17.fc41                        fedora
gdal-libs.x86_64                                     3.9.3-1.fc41                         updates
gdb.x86_64                                           16.3-1.fc41                          updates
gdb-headless.x86_64                                  16.3-1.fc41                          updates
gdbm.x86_64                                          1:1.23-7.fc41                        fedora
gdbm-libs.i686                                       1:1.23-7.fc41                        fedora
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.23-7.fc41                        fedora
gdcm.x86_64                                          3.0.24-4.fc41                        fedora
gdk-pixbuf2.i686                                     2.42.12-9.fc41                       updates
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                   2.42.12-9.fc41                       updates
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.i686                             2.42.12-9.fc41                       updates
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                           2.42.12-9.fc41                       updates
gdk-pixbuf2-modules-extra.x86_64                     2.42.12-2.fc41                       fedora
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib.x86_64                              2.40.2-10.fc41                       fedora
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                         10.24-16.fc41                        fedora
gegl04.x86_64                                        0.4.62-1.fc41                        updates
gegl04-matting-levin.x86_64                          0.4.62-1.fc41                        updates
geoclue2.x86_64                                      2.7.2-2.fc41                         updates
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20191217-13.fc41                     fedora
geolite2-country.noarch                              20191217-13.fc41                     fedora
geos.x86_64                                          3.12.2-3.fc41                        updates
gettext.x86_64                                       0.22.5-6.fc41                        fedora
gettext-envsubst.x86_64                              0.22.5-6.fc41                        fedora
gettext-libs.x86_64                                  0.22.5-6.fc41                        fedora
gettext-runtime.x86_64                               0.22.5-6.fc41                        fedora
gfs2-utils.x86_64                                    3.5.1-5.fc41                         fedora
gh.x86_64                                            2.74.0-1.fc41                        updates
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.9.1-2.fc41                         fedora
ghostscript.x86_64                                   10.03.1-8.fc41                       updates
ghostscript-tools-fontutils.noarch                   10.03.1-8.fc41                       updates
ghostscript-tools-printing.noarch                    10.03.1-8.fc41                       updates
ghostty.x86_64                                       1.1.2-1.fc41                         copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:pgdev:ghostty
giflib.x86_64                                        5.2.2-6.fc41                         updates
gimp.x86_64                                          2:3.0.4-5.fc41                       updates
gimp-libs.x86_64                                     2:3.0.4-5.fc41                       updates
git.x86_64                                           2.51.0-2.fc41                        updates
git-core.x86_64                                      2.51.0-2.fc41                        updates
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.51.0-2.fc41                        updates
gjs.x86_64                                           1.82.3-1.fc41                        updates
glfw.x86_64                                          1:3.4-4.fc41                         updates
glib-networking.i686                                 2.80.1-1.fc41                        updates
glib-networking.x86_64                               2.80.1-1.fc41                        updates
glib2.i686                                           2.82.5-1.fc41                        updates
glib2.x86_64                                         2.82.5-1.fc41                        updates
glibc.i686                                           2.40-27.fc41                         updates
glibc.x86_64                                         2.40-27.fc41                         updates
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                           2.40-27.fc41                         updates
glibc-common.x86_64                                  2.40-27.fc41                         updates
glibc-devel.i686                                     2.40-27.fc41                         updates
glibc-devel.x86_64                                   2.40-27.fc41                         updates
glibc-gconv-extra.i686                               2.40-27.fc41                         updates
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                             2.40-27.fc41                         updates
glibc-static.x86_64                                  2.40-27.fc41                         updates
glibmm2.4.x86_64                                     2.66.8-1.fc41                        updates
glibmm2.68.x86_64                                    2.82.0-1.fc41                        fedora
glow.x86_64                                          2.1.1-1.fc41                         updates
glusterfs.x86_64                                     11.2-1.fc41                          updates
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                 11.2-1.fc41                          updates
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                      11.2-1.fc41                          updates
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                11.2-1.fc41                          updates
glx-utils.x86_64                                     9.0.0-8.fc41                         fedora
gmp.i686                                             1:6.3.0-2.fc41                       fedora
gmp.x86_64                                           1:6.3.0-2.fc41                       fedora
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                              6-6.fc41                             fedora
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                    1.4.3-3.fc41                         fedora
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                44.1-2.fc41                          fedora
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                            46.1-1.fc41                          fedora
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                              3.12.0-24.fc41                       fedora
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                 46.2-2.fc41                          fedora
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                             46.2-2.fc41                          fedora
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                            3.28-20.fc41                         fedora
gnupg2.x86_64                                        2.4.5-3.fc41                         fedora
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                  2.4.5-3.fc41                         fedora
gnutls.i686                                          3.8.10-1.fc41                        updates
gnutls.x86_64                                        3.8.10-1.fc41                        updates
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                   3.8.10-1.fc41                        updates
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                  3.8.10-1.fc41                        updates
go-filesystem.x86_64                                 3.7.0-1.fc41                         updates
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                3.7.0-1.fc41                         updates
gobject-introspection.x86_64                         1.82.0-1.fc41                        fedora
godot.x86_64                                         4.4.1-1.fc41                         updates
golang.x86_64                                        1.24.6-2.fc41                        updates
golang-bin.x86_64                                    1.24.6-2.fc41                        updates
golang-src.noarch                                    1.24.6-2.fc41                        updates
goocanvas.x86_64                                     1.0.0-26.fc39                        fedora
goocanvas2.x86_64                                    2.0.4-13.fc39                        fedora
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                          1.103-0.25.20130920.fc41             fedora
google-chrome-stable.x86_64                          139.0.7258.138-1                     google-chrome
google-crosextra-caladea-fonts.noarch                1:1.002-0.19.20130214.fc41           fedora
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200215-21.fc41                     fedora
google-noto-color-emoji-fonts.noarch                 20241008-1.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch             20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch              20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch            20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch             20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch 20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch            20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                 1:2.004-8.fc41                       fedora
google-noto-sans-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch          20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch            20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch            20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch            20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch            20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch              20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch             20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch               20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                 20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                   20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-meetei-mayek-vf-fonts.noarch        20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch            1:2.004-8.fc41                       fedora
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-ol-chiki-vf-fonts.noarch            20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-oriya-vf-fonts.noarch               20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch             20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-symbols-2-fonts.noarch              20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-symbols-vf-fonts.noarch             20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch               20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch              20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch              20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-thai-vf-fonts.noarch                20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                     20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-serif-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch           20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-serif-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch            20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-serif-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                1:2.003-1.fc41                       fedora
google-noto-serif-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch         20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-serif-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch           20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-serif-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch           20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-serif-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch           20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-serif-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch           20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-serif-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch             20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-serif-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch            20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-serif-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch              20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-serif-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-serif-oriya-vf-fonts.noarch              20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-serif-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch            20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-serif-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch              20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-serif-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch             20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-serif-thai-vf-fonts.noarch               20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                    20240701-2.fc41                      fedora
gperftools-libs.x86_64                               2.15-4.fc41                          fedora
gpgme.x86_64                                         1.23.2-5.fc41                        fedora
gpgmepp.x86_64                                       1.23.2-5.fc41                        fedora
gpm-libs.x86_64                                      1.20.7-48.fc41                       fedora
graphene.i686                                        1.10.6-9.fc41                        fedora
graphene.x86_64                                      1.10.6-9.fc41                        fedora
graphite2.i686                                       1.3.14-16.fc41                       fedora
graphite2.x86_64                                     1.3.14-16.fc41                       fedora
graphviz.x86_64                                      12.1.0-1.fc41                        fedora
graphviz-libs.x86_64                                 12.1.0-1.fc41                        fedora
grep.x86_64                                          3.11-9.fc41                          fedora
groff-base.x86_64                                    1.23.0-7.fc41                        fedora
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.12-25.fc41                       updates
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                1:2.12-25.fc41                       updates
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                         1:2.12-25.fc41                       updates
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                 1:2.12-25.fc41                       updates
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                          1:2.12-25.fc41                       updates
grub2-efi-x64-modules.noarch                         1:2.12-25.fc41                       updates
grub2-pc.x86_64                                      1:2.12-25.fc41                       updates
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                              1:2.12-25.fc41                       updates
grub2-tools.x86_64                                   1:2.12-25.fc41                       updates
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                               1:2.12-25.fc41                       updates
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                             1:2.12-25.fc41                       updates
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                           1:2.12-25.fc41                       updates
grubby.x86_64                                        8.40-78.fc41                         updates
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                     47.1-1.fc41                          fedora
gsl.x86_64                                           2.7.1-11.fc41                        fedora
gsm.i686                                             1.0.22-7.fc41                        fedora
gsm.x86_64                                           1.0.22-7.fc41                        fedora
gspell.x86_64                                        1.14.0-1.fc41                        fedora
gssdp.x86_64                                         1.6.3-3.fc41                         fedora
gssproxy.x86_64                                      0.9.2-7.fc41                         updates
gstreamer1.i686                                      1.24.13-1.fc41                       updates
gstreamer1.x86_64                                    1.24.13-1.fc41                       updates
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.x86_64                       1.24.13-1.fc41                       updates
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                    1.24.13-1.fc41                       updates
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                   1.24.13-1.fc41                       updates
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free-libs.x86_64              1.24.13-1.fc41                       updates
gstreamer1-plugins-base.i686                         1.24.13-1.fc41                       updates
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                       1.24.13-1.fc41                       updates
gstreamer1-plugins-good.i686                         1.24.13-1.fc41                       updates
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                       1.24.13-1.fc41                       updates
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                   1.24.13-1.fc41                       updates
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                    1.24.13-1.fc41                       updates
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt6.x86_64                   1.24.13-1.fc41                       updates
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                  1.24.13-1.fc41                       updates
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                         3.24.43-2.fc41                       fedora
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                      1.5.0-2.fc41                         updates
gtk2.x86_64                                          2.24.33-19.fc41                      fedora
gtk3.i686                                            3.24.43-2.fc41                       fedora
gtk3.x86_64                                          3.24.43-2.fc41                       fedora
gtk3-immodule-xim.x86_64                             3.24.43-2.fc41                       fedora
gtk4.x86_64                                          4.16.13-1.fc41                       updates
gtkmm2.4.x86_64                                      2.24.5-20.fc41                       fedora
gtkmm3.0.x86_64                                      3.24.10-1.fc41                       updates
gtkmm4.0.x86_64                                      4.16.0-1.fc41                        fedora
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                4.8.4-7.fc41                         fedora
gts.x86_64                                           0.7.6-49.20121130.fc41               fedora
guile30.x86_64                                       3.0.9-3.fc41                         fedora
gupnp.x86_64                                         1.6.8-1.fc41                         updates
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                     1.6.0-5.fc41                         fedora
gutenprint.x86_64                                    5.3.5-5.fc41                         updates
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                               5.3.5-5.fc41                         updates
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                               5.3.5-5.fc41                         updates
gvfs.x86_64                                          1.56.1-1.fc41                        updates
gvfs-client.x86_64                                   1.56.1-1.fc41                        updates
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                      1.56.1-1.fc41                        updates
gvnc.x86_64                                          1.5.0-2.fc41                         updates
gzip.x86_64                                          1.13-2.fc41                          fedora
harfbuzz.i686                                        9.0.0-3.fc41                         fedora
harfbuzz.x86_64                                      9.0.0-3.fc41                         fedora
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                  9.0.0-3.fc41                         fedora
hdf-libs.x86_64                                      4.2.16.2-2.fc41                      fedora
hdf5.x86_64                                          1.12.1-21.fc41                       updates
hdparm.x86_64                                        9.65-6.fc41                          fedora
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                 540.1.linux3-32.fc41                 fedora
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-19.fc41                         fedora
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                       3.28-20.fc41                         fedora
highway.x86_64                                       1.2.0-3.fc41                         fedora
hipcc.x86_64                                         18-10.rocm6.2.1.fc41                 updates
hiredis.x86_64                                       1.2.0-3.fc41                         fedora
hostname.x86_64                                      3.23-13.fc41                         fedora
hsakmt.x86_64                                        1.0.6-46.rocm6.2.1.fc41              updates
hsakmt-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.6-46.rocm6.2.1.fc41              updates
htop.x86_64                                          3.3.0-4.fc41                         fedora
hunspell.x86_64                                      1.7.2-8.fc41                         fedora
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20201207-10.fc41                   fedora
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20201207-10.fc41                   fedora
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20201207-10.fc41                   fedora
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                           1.7.2-8.fc41                         fedora
hwdata.noarch                                        0.398-1.fc41                         updates
hwloc-libs.x86_64                                    2.12.0-1.fc41                        updates
hyphen.x86_64                                        2.8.8-25.fc41                        fedora
hyphen-en.noarch                                     2.8.8-25.fc41                        fedora
i3.x86_64                                            4.24-3.fc41                          updates
i3-config-fedora.noarch                              4.24-3.fc41                          updates
i3lock.x86_64                                        2.15-2.fc41                          fedora
i3status.x86_64                                      2.15-2.fc41                          fedora
i3status-config.noarch                               2.15-2.fc41                          fedora
ibus.x86_64                                          1.5.31-1.fc41                        updates
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                    1.5.16-15.fc41                       fedora
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                             1.5.16-15.fc41                       fedora
ibus-chewing.x86_64                                  2.1.5-1.fc41                         updates
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                     1.5.31-1.fc41                        updates
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                     1.5.31-1.fc41                        updates
ibus-gtk4.x86_64                                     1.5.31-1.fc41                        updates
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                   1.5.5-6.fc41                         fedora
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                1.15.8-1.fc41                        fedora
ibus-libs.x86_64                                     1.5.31-1.fc41                        updates
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                1.10.3-2.fc41                        fedora
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                     1.4.36-1.fc41                        updates
ibus-panel.x86_64                                    1.5.31-1.fc41                        updates
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.31-1.fc41                        updates
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                           2.27.72-1.fc41                       updates
ibus-xinit.noarch                                    1.5.31-1.fc41                        updates
iir1.x86_64                                          1.9.5-1.fc41                         fedora
ilbc.x86_64                                          3.0.4-12.fc41                        fedora
im-chooser.x86_64                                    1.7.5-2.fc41                         fedora
im-chooser-common.x86_64                             1.7.5-2.fc41                         fedora
im-chooser-xfce.x86_64                               1.7.5-2.fc41                         fedora
ima-evm-utils-libs.x86_64                            1.6.2-2.fc41                         fedora
imath.x86_64                                         3.1.12-1.fc41                        fedora
imlib2.x86_64                                        1.11.1-8.fc41                        fedora
imsettings.x86_64                                    1.8.10-1.fc41                        updates
imsettings-gsettings.x86_64                          1.8.10-1.fc41                        updates
imsettings-libs.x86_64                               1.8.10-1.fc41                        updates
inih.x86_64                                          58-2.fc41                            fedora
inih-cpp.x86_64                                      58-2.fc41                            fedora
iniparser.x86_64                                     4.2.4-3.fc41                         updates
initscripts.x86_64                                   10.26-1.fc41                         fedora
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                     10.26-1.fc41                         fedora
initscripts-service.noarch                           10.26-1.fc41                         fedora
inkscape.x86_64                                      1.4.2-2.fc41                         updates
inkscape-libs.x86_64                                 1.4.2-2.fc41                         updates
intel-audio-firmware.noarch                          20250808-1.fc41                      updates
intel-gmmlib.x86_64                                  22.7.2-1.fc41                        updates
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                            20250808-1.fc41                      updates
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                23.2.2-6.fc41                        fedora
intel-qpl.x86_64                                     1.5.0-2.fc41                         fedora
intel-vpl-gpu-rt.x86_64                              25.2.5-1.fc41                        updates
iotop-c.x86_64                                       1.30-1.fc41                          updates
ipcalc.x86_64                                        1.0.3-10.fc41                        fedora
ipp-usb.x86_64                                       0.9.30-3.fc41                        updates
iproute.x86_64                                       6.10.0-1.fc41                        fedora
iproute-tc.x86_64                                    6.10.0-1.fc41                        fedora
ipset.x86_64                                         7.22-1.fc41                          fedora
ipset-libs.x86_64                                    7.22-1.fc41                          fedora
iptables-libs.x86_64                                 1.8.10-15.fc41                       fedora
iptables-nft.x86_64                                  1.8.10-15.fc41                       fedora
iptstate.x86_64                                      2.2.7-6.fc41                         fedora
iputils.x86_64                                       20250605-1.fc41                      updates
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                20240119-2.gitde8a0821.fc41          fedora
irqbalance.x86_64                                    2:1.9.4-4.fc41                       fedora
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                         6.2.1.11-0.git4b3e853.fc41           updates
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                6.2.1.11-0.git4b3e853.fc41           updates
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                               0.101-10.fc41                        fedora
iso-codes.noarch                                     4.16.0-5.fc41                        fedora
isomd5sum.x86_64                                     1:1.2.5-2.fc41                       fedora
iw.x86_64                                            6.9-2.fc41                           fedora
iwlegacy-firmware.noarch                             20250808-1.fc41                      updates
iwlwifi-dvm-firmware.noarch                          20250808-1.fc41                      updates
iwlwifi-mvm-firmware.noarch                          20250808-1.fc41                      updates
jansson.x86_64                                       2.13.1-10.fc41                       fedora
jasper-libs.x86_64                                   4.2.3-2.fc41                         fedora
java-1.8.0-openjdk.x86_64                            1:1.8.0.462.b06-1.fc39               updates
java-1.8.0-openjdk-headless.x86_64                   1:1.8.0.462.b06-1.fc39               updates
java-21-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:21.0.8.0.9-1.fc41                  updates
java-latest-openjdk.x86_64                           1:24.0.2.0.12-1.rolling.fc41         updates
java-latest-openjdk-headless.x86_64                  1:24.0.2.0.12-1.rolling.fc41         updates
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                       6.2.0-14.fc41                        fedora
javapackages-tools.noarch                            6.2.0-14.fc41                        fedora
javascriptcoregtk4.0.x86_64                          2.46.5-1.fc41                        updates
javascriptcoregtk4.1.x86_64                          2.48.5-1.fc41                        updates
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                 0.20-5.fc41                          fedora
jbigkit-libs.i686                                    2.1-30.fc41                          fedora
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                  2.1-30.fc41                          fedora
jemalloc.x86_64                                      5.3.0-7.fc41                         fedora
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-42.fc41                        fedora
jq.x86_64                                            1.7.1-8.fc41                         fedora
json-c.i686                                          0.17-4.fc41                          fedora
json-c.x86_64                                        0.17-4.fc41                          fedora
json-glib.i686                                       1.10.6-1.fc41                        updates
json-glib.x86_64                                     1.10.6-1.fc41                        updates
jsoncpp.x86_64                                       1.9.5-8.fc41                         fedora
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                             1:0.10.4-1.fc41                      updates
kasumi-common.noarch                                 2.5-47.fc41                          fedora
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                2.5-47.fc41                          fedora
kbd.x86_64                                           2.6.4-4.fc41                         fedora
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.6.4-4.fc41                         fedora
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.6.4-4.fc41                         fedora
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                5-4.fc41                             fedora
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                          006-12.20220714git7ca2d3e.fc41       fedora
kdump-utils.x86_64                                   1.0.56-1.fc41                        updates
kernel.x86_64                                        6.15.8-100.fc41                      updates
kernel.x86_64                                        6.15.9-101.fc41                      updates
kernel.x86_64                                        6.15.10-100.fc41                     updates
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.15.8-100.fc41                      updates
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.15.9-101.fc41                      updates
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.15.10-100.fc41                     updates
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.15.8-100.fc41                      updates
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.15.9-101.fc41                      updates
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.15.10-100.fc41                     updates
kernel-devel-matched.x86_64                          6.15.10-100.fc41                     updates
kernel-headers.x86_64                                6.15.3-100.fc41                      updates
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.15.8-100.fc41                      updates
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.15.9-101.fc41                      updates
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.15.10-100.fc41                     updates
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.15.8-100.fc41                      updates
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.15.9-101.fc41                      updates
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.15.10-100.fc41                     updates
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.15.8-100.fc41                      updates
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.15.9-101.fc41                      updates
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.15.10-100.fc41                     updates
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                            1.0-24.fc41                          fedora
kernel-tools.x86_64                                  6.15.10-100.fc41                     updates
kernel-tools-libs.x86_64                             6.15.10-100.fc41                     updates
kexec-tools.x86_64                                   2.0.31-2.fc41                        updates
keyutils.x86_64                                      1.6.3-4.fc41                         fedora
keyutils-libs.i686                                   1.6.3-4.fc41                         fedora
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                 1.6.3-4.fc41                         fedora
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                                5.116.0-3.fc41                       updates
kf5-kguiaddons.x86_64                                5.116.0-2.fc41                       fedora
kf6-filesystem.x86_64                                6.17.0-1.fc41                        updates
kf6-kguiaddons.x86_64                                6.17.0-1.fc41                        updates
kmod.x86_64                                          33-1.fc41                            fedora
kmod-libs.x86_64                                     33-1.fc41                            fedora
kmodtool.noarch                                      1.1-13.fc41                          updates
kpartx.x86_64                                        0.9.9-3.fc41                         fedora
krb5-libs.i686                                       1.21.3-5.fc41                        updates
krb5-libs.x86_64                                     1.21.3-5.fc41                        updates
kyotocabinet-libs.x86_64                             1.2.80-6.fc41                        fedora
ladspa.x86_64                                        1.17-5.fc41                          fedora
lame-libs.i686                                       3.100-18.fc41                        fedora
lame-libs.x86_64                                     3.100-18.fc41                        fedora
langpacks-core-en.noarch                             4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
langpacks-en.noarch                                  4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
langpacks-fonts-en.noarch                            4.1-2.fc41                           fedora
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.69-1.fc41                        updates
lasi.x86_64                                          1.1.3-14.fc41                        fedora
latexmk.noarch                                       4.87-1.fc41                          updates
lcms2.i686                                           2.16-4.fc41                          fedora
lcms2.x86_64                                         2.16-4.fc41                          fedora
leptonica.x86_64                                     1.84.1-5.fc41                        updates
less.x86_64                                          679-1.fc41                           updates
lib2geom.x86_64                                      1.4-2.fc41                           updates
libFAudio.i686                                       25.05-1.fc41                         updates
libFAudio.x86_64                                     25.05-1.fc41                         updates
libGLEW.x86_64                                       2.2.0-8.fc41                         fedora
libICE.x86_64                                        1.1.2-1.fc41                         updates
libSM.x86_64                                         1.2.5-1.fc41                         updates
libX11.i686                                          1.8.11-1.fc41                        updates
libX11.x86_64                                        1.8.11-1.fc41                        updates
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.8.11-1.fc41                        updates
libX11-xcb.i686                                      1.8.11-1.fc41                        updates
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                    1.8.11-1.fc41                        updates
libXScrnSaver.i686                                   1.2.4-4.fc41                         fedora
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                 1.2.4-4.fc41                         fedora
libXau.i686                                          1.0.11-7.fc41                        fedora
libXau.x86_64                                        1.0.11-7.fc41                        fedora
libXaw.x86_64                                        1.0.16-2.fc41                        fedora
libXcomposite.i686                                   0.4.6-4.fc41                         fedora
libXcomposite.x86_64                                 0.4.6-4.fc41                         fedora
libXcursor.i686                                      1.2.3-1.fc41                         updates
libXcursor.x86_64                                    1.2.3-1.fc41                         updates
libXdamage.i686                                      1.1.6-4.fc41                         fedora
libXdamage.x86_64                                    1.1.6-4.fc41                         fedora
libXdmcp.x86_64                                      1.1.5-2.fc41                         fedora
libXext.i686                                         1.3.6-2.fc41                         fedora
libXext.x86_64                                       1.3.6-2.fc41                         fedora
libXfixes.i686                                       6.0.1-4.fc41                         fedora
libXfixes.x86_64                                     6.0.1-4.fc41                         fedora
libXfont2.x86_64                                     2.0.7-1.fc41                         fedora
libXft.i686                                          2.3.8-7.fc41                         fedora
libXft.x86_64                                        2.3.8-7.fc41                         fedora
libXi.i686                                           1.8.2-1.fc41                         fedora
libXi.x86_64                                         1.8.2-1.fc41                         fedora
libXinerama.i686                                     1.1.5-7.fc41                         fedora
libXinerama.x86_64                                   1.1.5-7.fc41                         fedora
libXmu.x86_64                                        1.2.1-2.fc41                         fedora
libXpm.i686                                          3.5.17-4.fc41                        fedora
libXpm.x86_64                                        3.5.17-4.fc41                        fedora
libXrandr.i686                                       1.5.4-4.fc41                         fedora
libXrandr.x86_64                                     1.5.4-4.fc41                         fedora
libXrender.i686                                      0.9.12-1.fc41                        updates
libXrender.x86_64                                    0.9.12-1.fc41                        updates
libXres.x86_64                                       1.2.2-4.fc41                         fedora
libXt.x86_64                                         1.3.1-1.fc41                         updates
libXtst.i686                                         1.2.5-1.fc41                         fedora
libXtst.x86_64                                       1.2.5-1.fc41                         fedora
libXv.i686                                           1.0.13-1.fc41                        updates
libXv.x86_64                                         1.0.13-1.fc41                        updates
libXvMC.x86_64                                       1.0.13-6.fc41                        fedora
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                   1.1.6-4.fc41                         fedora
libXxf86vm.i686                                      1.1.6-1.fc41                         updates
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                    1.1.6-1.fc41                         updates
liba52.x86_64                                        0.7.4-49.fc41                        fedora
libabw.x86_64                                        0.1.3-16.fc41                        fedora
libacl.x86_64                                        2.3.2-2.fc41                         fedora
libadwaita.x86_64                                    1.6.8-1.fc41                         updates
libaec.x86_64                                        1.1.3-1.fc41                         fedora
libaio.x86_64                                        0.3.111-20.fc41                      fedora
libao.x86_64                                         1.2.0-28.fc41                        fedora
libaom.i686                                          3.12.0-1.fc41                        updates
libaom.x86_64                                        3.12.0-1.fc41                        updates
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                          12.10.1-5.fc41                       fedora
libappstream-glib.x86_64                             0.8.3-2.fc41                         fedora
libarchive.x86_64                                    3.7.4-4.fc41                         updates
libargon2.x86_64                                     20190702-6.fc41                      fedora
libaribcaption.x86_64                                1.1.1-1.fc41                         fedora
libarrow.x86_64                                      16.1.0-14.fc41                       updates
libarrow-acero-libs.x86_64                           16.1.0-14.fc41                       updates
libarrow-dataset-libs.x86_64                         16.1.0-14.fc41                       updates
libarrow-doc.noarch                                  16.1.0-14.fc41                       updates
libass.x86_64                                        0.17.3-2.fc41                        fedora
libassuan.x86_64                                     2.5.7-2.fc41                         fedora
libasyncns.i686                                      0.8-29.fc41                          fedora
libasyncns.x86_64                                    0.8-29.fc41                          fedora
libatasmart.x86_64                                   0.19-29.fc41                         fedora
libatomic.x86_64                                     14.3.1-3.fc41                        updates
libattr.x86_64                                       2.5.2-4.fc41                         fedora
libavc1394.x86_64                                    0.5.4-24.fc41                        fedora
libavcodec-free.x86_64                               7.1.1-4.fc41                         updates
libavdevice-free.x86_64                              7.1.1-4.fc41                         updates
libavfilter-free.x86_64                              7.1.1-4.fc41                         updates
libavformat-free.x86_64                              7.1.1-4.fc41                         updates
libavif.i686                                         1.1.1-1.fc41                         updates
libavif.x86_64                                       1.1.1-1.fc41                         updates
libavutil-free.x86_64                                7.1.1-4.fc41                         updates
libb2.x86_64                                         0.98.1-12.fc41                       fedora
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                 1.5.11-9.fc41                        fedora
libbase.noarch                                       1.1.3-43.fc41                        fedora
libbasicobjects.x86_64                               0.1.1-57.fc41                        fedora
libblkid.i686                                        2.40.4-1.fc41                        updates
libblkid.x86_64                                      2.40.4-1.fc41                        updates
libblkio.x86_64                                      1.5.0-2.fc41                         fedora
libblockdev.x86_64                                   3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                             3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                            3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                              3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                               3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                          3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                            3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                             3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                            3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libblockdev-nvme.x86_64                              3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libblockdev-part.x86_64                              3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                       3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libblockdev-smart.x86_64                             3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libblockdev-smartmontools.x86_64                     3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                              3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                             3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libbluray.x86_64                                     1.3.4-7.fc41                         fedora
libbpf.x86_64                                        2:1.4.7-1.fc41                       updates
libbrotli.i686                                       1.1.0-5.fc41                         fedora
libbrotli.x86_64                                     1.1.0-5.fc41                         fedora
libbs2b.x86_64                                       3.1.0-34.fc41                        fedora
libbsd.x86_64                                        0.12.2-4.fc41                        fedora
libburn.x86_64                                       1.5.6-5.fc41                         fedora
libbytesize.x86_64                                   2.11-99.fc41                         fedora
libcaca.x86_64                                       0.99-0.75.beta20.fc41                fedora
libcacard.x86_64                                     3:2.8.1-9.fc41                       fedora
libcamera.x86_64                                     0.3.2-1.fc41                         fedora
libcamera-ipa.x86_64                                 0.3.2-1.fc41                         fedora
libcanberra.i686                                     0.30-36.fc41                         fedora
libcanberra.x86_64                                   0.30-36.fc41                         fedora
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                              0.30-36.fc41                         fedora
libcanberra-gtk3.i686                                0.30-36.fc41                         fedora
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                              0.30-36.fc41                         fedora
libcap.i686                                          2.70-4.fc41                          fedora
libcap.x86_64                                        2.70-4.fc41                          fedora
libcap-ng.i686                                       0.8.5-3.fc41                         fedora
libcap-ng.x86_64                                     0.8.5-3.fc41                         fedora
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                             0.8.5-3.fc41                         fedora
libcbor.x86_64                                       0.11.0-2.fc41                        fedora
libcdio.x86_64                                       2.1.0-13.fc41                        fedora
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                              10.2+2.0.2-3.fc41                    updates
libcdr.x86_64                                        0.1.8-1.fc41                         updates
libchewing.x86_64                                    0.9.1-1.fc41                         updates
libchromaprint.x86_64                                1.5.1-24.fc41                        updates
libcloudproviders.i686                               0.3.5-5.fc41                         fedora
libcloudproviders.x86_64                             0.3.5-5.fc41                         fedora
libcmis.x86_64                                       0.6.2-6.fc41                         fedora
libcollection.x86_64                                 0.7.0-57.fc41                        fedora
libcom_err.i686                                      1.47.1-6.fc41                        fedora
libcom_err.x86_64                                    1.47.1-6.fc41                        fedora
libcomps.x86_64                                      0.1.22-1.fc41                        updates
libconfuse.x86_64                                    3.3-13.fc41                          fedora
libcue.x86_64                                        2.3.0-8.fc41                         fedora
libcupsfilters.x86_64                                1:2.1.1-4.fc41                       updates
libcurl.i686                                         8.9.1-3.fc41                         updates
libcurl.x86_64                                       8.9.1-3.fc41                         updates
libdaemon.x86_64                                     0.14-30.fc41                         fedora
libdatrie.i686                                       0.2.13-10.fc41                       fedora
libdatrie.x86_64                                     0.2.13-10.fc41                       fedora
libdav1d.i686                                        1.5.1-1.fc41                         updates
libdav1d.x86_64                                      1.5.1-1.fc41                         updates
libdb.x86_64                                         5.3.28-63.fc41                       fedora
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                   16.04.0-28.fc41                      fedora
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                              16.04.0-28.fc41                      fedora
libdc1394.x86_64                                     2.2.7-6.fc41                         fedora
libdecor.i686                                        0.2.3-1.fc41                         updates
libdecor.x86_64                                      0.2.3-1.fc41                         updates
libdeflate.x86_64                                    1.24-1.fc41                          updates
libdhash.x86_64                                      0.5.0-57.fc41                        fedora
libdisplay-info.x86_64                               0.2.0-2.fc41                         fedora
libdnf.x86_64                                        0.74.0-1.fc41                        updates
libdnf5.x86_64                                       5.2.16.0-1.fc41                      updates
libdnf5-cli.x86_64                                   5.2.16.0-1.fc41                      updates
libdovi.x86_64                                       3.3.1-1.fc41                         updates
libdrm.i686                                          2.4.124-1.fc41                       updates
libdrm.x86_64                                        2.4.124-1.fc41                       updates
libdvdnav.x86_64                                     6.1.1-9.fc41                         fedora
libdvdread.x86_64                                    6.1.3-7.fc41                         fedora
libe-book.x86_64                                     0.1.3-36.fc41                        fedora
libeconf.i686                                        0.6.2-3.fc41                         fedora
libeconf.x86_64                                      0.6.2-3.fc41                         fedora
libedit.i686                                         3.1-54.20250104cvs.fc41              updates
libedit.x86_64                                       3.1-54.20250104cvs.fc41              updates
libedit-devel.x86_64                                 3.1-54.20250104cvs.fc41              updates
libei.x86_64                                         1.3.0-1.fc41                         fedora
libeis.x86_64                                        1.3.0-1.fc41                         fedora
libeot.x86_64                                        0.01-32.fc41                         fedora
libepoxy.i686                                        1.5.10-8.fc41                        fedora
libepoxy.x86_64                                      1.5.10-8.fc41                        fedora
libepubgen.x86_64                                    0.1.1-19.fc41                        fedora
liberation-fonts-all.noarch                          1:2.1.5-12.fc41                      fedora
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-12.fc41                      fedora
liberation-narrow-fonts.noarch                       2:1.07.6-16.fc41                     fedora
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-12.fc41                      fedora
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.1.5-12.fc41                      fedora
libertas-firmware.noarch                             20250808-1.fc41                      updates
libestr.x86_64                                       0.1.11-10.fc41                       fedora
libetonyek.x86_64                                    0.1.12-1.fc41                        updates
libev.x86_64                                         4.33-12.fc41                         fedora
libevdev.x86_64                                      1.13.3-1.fc41                        fedora
libevent.i686                                        2.1.12-14.fc41                       fedora
libevent.x86_64                                      2.1.12-14.fc41                       fedora
libewf.x86_64                                        20140608-30.fc41                     fedora
libexif.i686                                         0.6.24-8.fc41                        fedora
libexif.x86_64                                       0.6.24-8.fc41                        fedora
libexttextcat.x86_64                                 3.4.6-10.fc41                        fedora
libfabric.x86_64                                     1.22.0-1.fc41                        fedora
libfastjson.x86_64                                   1.2304.0-5.fc41                      fedora
libfbclient2.x86_64                                  4.0.4.3010-4.fc41                    fedora
libfdisk.x86_64                                      2.40.4-1.fc41                        updates
libfdt.x86_64                                        1.7.2-2.fc41                         updates
libffi.i686                                          3.4.6-3.fc41                         fedora
libffi.x86_64                                        3.4.6-3.fc41                         fedora
libffi-devel.x86_64                                  3.4.6-3.fc41                         fedora
libfido2.x86_64                                      1.15.0-2.fc41                        fedora
libfontenc.x86_64                                    1.1.8-2.fc41                         fedora
libfonts.noarch                                      1.1.3-47.fc41                        fedora
libformula.noarch                                    1.1.3-44.fc41                        fedora
libfprint.x86_64                                     1.94.9-1.fc41                        updates
libfreehand.x86_64                                   0.1.2-24.fc41                        fedora
libfsverity.x86_64                                   1.6-1.fc41                           fedora
libftdi.x86_64                                       1.5-14.fc41                          fedora
libgcc.i686                                          14.3.1-3.fc41                        updates
libgcc.x86_64                                        14.3.1-3.fc41                        updates
libgcrypt.x86_64                                     1.11.0-3.fc41                        fedora
libgeotiff.x86_64                                    1.7.3-3.fc41                         updates
libgexiv2.x86_64                                     0.14.3-2.fc41                        fedora
libgfapi0.x86_64                                     11.2-1.fc41                          updates
libgfortran.x86_64                                   14.3.1-3.fc41                        updates
libgfrpc0.x86_64                                     11.2-1.fc41                          updates
libgfxdr0.x86_64                                     11.2-1.fc41                          updates
libgit2.x86_64                                       1.9.0-4.fc41                         updates
libglusterfs0.x86_64                                 11.2-1.fc41                          updates
libglvnd.i686                                        1:1.7.0-5.fc41                       fedora
libglvnd.x86_64                                      1:1.7.0-5.fc41                       fedora
libglvnd-egl.i686                                    1:1.7.0-5.fc41                       fedora
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                  1:1.7.0-5.fc41                       fedora
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                 1:1.7.0-5.fc41                       fedora
libglvnd-glx.i686                                    1:1.7.0-5.fc41                       fedora
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                  1:1.7.0-5.fc41                       fedora
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                               1:1.7.0-5.fc41                       fedora
libgomp.x86_64                                       14.3.1-3.fc41                        updates
libgpg-error.x86_64                                  1.50-2.fc41                          fedora
libgphoto2.i686                                      2.5.31-2.fc41                        fedora
libgphoto2.x86_64                                    2.5.31-2.fc41                        fedora
libgrss.x86_64                                       0.7.0-21.fc41                        fedora
libgs.x86_64                                         10.03.1-8.fc41                       updates
libgsf.x86_64                                        1.14.53-2.fc41                       updates
libgta.x86_64                                        1.2.1-13.fc41                        fedora
libgudev.i686                                        238-6.fc41                           fedora
libgudev.x86_64                                      238-6.fc41                           fedora
libgusb.i686                                         0.4.9-2.fc41                         fedora
libgusb.x86_64                                       0.4.9-2.fc41                         fedora
libgxps.x86_64                                       0.3.2-9.fc41                         fedora
libhandy.x86_64                                      1.8.3-3.fc41                         fedora
libhangul.x86_64                                     0.1.0-32.fc41                        fedora
libharu.x86_64                                       2.4.3-6.fc41                         fedora
libheif.x86_64                                       1.19.8-1.fc41                        updates
libib-util.x86_64                                    4.0.4.3010-4.fc41                    fedora
libibverbs.i686                                      51.0-5.fc41                          updates
libibverbs.x86_64                                    51.0-5.fc41                          updates
libicu.i686                                          74.2-2.fc41                          fedora
libicu.x86_64                                        74.2-2.fc41                          fedora
libidn2.i686                                         2.3.8-1.fc41                         updates
libidn2.x86_64                                       2.3.8-1.fc41                         updates
libiec61883.x86_64                                   1.2.0-35.fc41                        fedora
libieee1284.i686                                     0.2.11-44.fc41                       fedora
libieee1284.x86_64                                   0.2.11-44.fc41                       fedora
libijs.x86_64                                        0.35-23.fc41                         fedora
libimagequant.i686                                   4.0.3-5.fc41                         fedora
libimagequant.x86_64                                 4.0.3-5.fc41                         fedora
libimobiledevice.x86_64                              1.3.0^20230705git6fc41f5-5.fc41      fedora
libimobiledevice-glue.x86_64                         1.0.0-4.fc41                         fedora
libini_config.x86_64                                 1.3.1-57.fc41                        fedora
libinput.x86_64                                      1.27.1-1.fc41                        updates
libinstpatch.x86_64                                  1.1.7-1.fc41                         updates
libipt.x86_64                                        2.1.1-2.fc41                         fedora
libiptcdata.x86_64                                   1.0.5-19.fc41                        fedora
libiscsi.x86_64                                      1.20.0-3.fc41                        fedora
libisoburn.x86_64                                    1.5.6-6.fc41                         fedora
libisofs.x86_64                                      1.5.6-5.fc41                         fedora
libjaylink.x86_64                                    0.3.0-6.fc41                         fedora
libjcat.x86_64                                       0.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
libjpeg-turbo.i686                                   3.0.2-3.fc41                         fedora
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                 3.0.2-3.fc41                         fedora
libjxl.x86_64                                        1:0.10.4-1.fc41                      updates
libkcapi.x86_64                                      1.5.0-4.fc41                         fedora
libkcapi-hasher.x86_64                               1.5.0-4.fc41                         fedora
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                             1.5.0-4.fc41                         fedora
libkml.x86_64                                        1.3.0-50.fc41                        updates
libksba.x86_64                                       1.6.7-2.fc41                         fedora
liblangtag.x86_64                                    0.6.7-4.fc41                         fedora
liblangtag-data.noarch                               0.6.7-4.fc41                         fedora
liblayout.noarch                                     0.2.10-37.fc41                       fedora
liblc3.i686                                          1.1.3-1.fc41                         updates
liblc3.x86_64                                        1.1.3-1.fc41                         updates
libldac.i686                                         2.0.2.3-16.fc41                      fedora
libldac.x86_64                                       2.0.2.3-16.fc41                      fedora
libldb.x86_64                                        2:4.21.7-1.fc41                      updates
liblerc.i686                                         4.0.0-8.fc41                         updates
liblerc.x86_64                                       4.0.0-8.fc41                         updates
libliftoff.x86_64                                    0.5.0-2.fc41                         fedora
libloader.noarch                                     1.1.3-45.fc41                        fedora
liblouis.x86_64                                      3.33.0-2.fc41                        updates
liblouis-tables.noarch                               3.33.0-2.fc41                        updates
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                 2.12.0-6.fc41                        updates
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                           2.12.0-6.fc41                        updates
liblqr-1.x86_64                                      0.4.2-25.fc41                        fedora
libluv.x86_64                                        1.48.0.2-2.fc41                      fedora
libmanette.x86_64                                    0.2.9-1.fc41                         fedora
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                  1.12.2-1.fc41                        updates
libmbim.x86_64                                       1.30.0-4.fc41                        fedora
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                 1.30.0-4.fc41                        fedora
libmd.x86_64                                         1.1.0-5.fc41                         fedora
libmng.x86_64                                        2.0.3-22.fc41                        fedora
libmnl.x86_64                                        1.0.5-6.fc41                         fedora
libmodplug.x86_64                                    1:0.8.9.0-25.fc41                    fedora
libmodulemd.x86_64                                   2.15.2-1.fc41                        updates
libmount.i686                                        2.40.4-1.fc41                        updates
libmount.x86_64                                      2.40.4-1.fc41                        updates
libmousepad0.x86_64                                  0.6.3-1.fc41                         updates
libmpc.x86_64                                        1.3.1-6.fc41                         fedora
libmpeg2.x86_64                                      0.5.1-30.fc41                        fedora
libmspub.x86_64                                      0.1.4-33.fc41                        fedora
libmtp.x86_64                                        1.1.19-8.fc41                        fedora
libmwaw.x86_64                                       0.3.22-4.fc41                        fedora
libmypaint.x86_64                                    1.6.1-12.fc41                        fedora
libmysofa.x86_64                                     1.3.3-1.fc41                         updates
libnatpmp.x86_64                                     20230423-6.fc41                      fedora
libnbd.x86_64                                        1.22.3-1.fc41                        updates
libndp.x86_64                                        1.9-2.fc41                           fedora
libnet.x86_64                                        1.3-4.fc41                           fedora
libnetapi.x86_64                                     2:4.21.7-1.fc41                      updates
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                        1.0.9-6.fc41                         fedora
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                  1.0.1-28.fc41                        fedora
libnfs.x86_64                                        5.0.3-2.fc41                         fedora
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                   1:2.8.1-9.rc2.fc41                   updates
libnftnl.x86_64                                      1.2.7-2.fc41                         fedora
libnghttp2.i686                                      1.62.1-3.fc41                        updates
libnghttp2.x86_64                                    1.62.1-3.fc41                        updates
libnice.x86_64                                       0.1.22-2.fc41                        fedora
libnl3.i686                                          3.11.0-1.fc41                        updates
libnl3.x86_64                                        3.11.0-1.fc41                        updates
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                    3.11.0-1.fc41                        updates
libnma.x86_64                                        1.10.6-8.fc41                        fedora
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                   1.10.6-8.fc41                        fedora
libnotify.x86_64                                     0.8.6-1.fc41                         updates
libnsl2.x86_64                                       2.0.1-2.fc41                         fedora
libnumbertext.x86_64                                 1.0.11-7.fc41                        fedora
libnvme.x86_64                                       1.10-1.fc41                          fedora
libodfgen.x86_64                                     0.1.8-12.fc41                        fedora
liboeffis.x86_64                                     1.3.0-1.fc41                         fedora
libogg.i686                                          2:1.3.5-9.fc41                       fedora
libogg.x86_64                                        2:1.3.5-9.fc41                       fedora
libomp18.x86_64                                      18.1.8-3.fc41                        fedora
libomp18-devel.x86_64                                18.1.8-3.fc41                        fedora
libopenjph.x86_64                                    0.21.3-1.fc41                        updates
libopenmpt.x86_64                                    0.7.13-3.fc41                        updates
liborc2.x86_64                                       2.0.5-1.fc41                         updates
liborcus.x86_64                                      0.19.2-6.fc41                        fedora
libosinfo.x86_64                                     1.12.0-2.fc41                        updates
libpagemaker.x86_64                                  0.0.4-24.fc41                        fedora
libpaper.x86_64                                      1:2.1.1-7.fc41                       fedora
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                   2.0.3-5.fc41                         fedora
libpath_utils.x86_64                                 0.2.1-57.fc41                        fedora
libpcap.i686                                         14:1.10.5-1.fc41                     fedora
libpcap.x86_64                                       14:1.10.5-1.fc41                     fedora
libpciaccess.i686                                    0.16-13.fc41                         fedora
libpciaccess.x86_64                                  0.16-13.fc41                         fedora
libphodav.x86_64                                     3.0-9.fc41                           fedora
libpinyin.x86_64                                     2.9.91-1.fc41                        fedora
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                2.9.91-1.fc41                        fedora
libpipeline.x86_64                                   1.5.7-6.fc41                         fedora
libpkgconf.x86_64                                    2.3.0-1.fc41                         fedora
libplacebo.x86_64                                    7.349.0-4.fc41                       fedora
libplist.x86_64                                      2.3.0-6.fc41                         fedora
libpmem.x86_64                                       2.1.0-2.fc41                         fedora
libpng.i686                                          2:1.6.40-4.fc41                      fedora
libpng.x86_64                                        2:1.6.40-4.fc41                      fedora
libpostproc-free.x86_64                              7.1.1-4.fc41                         updates
libppd.x86_64                                        1:2.1.1-1.fc41                       updates
libpq.x86_64                                         16.4-1.fc41                          fedora
libproxy.i686                                        0.5.8-1.fc41                         fedora
libproxy.x86_64                                      0.5.8-1.fc41                         fedora
libpsl.i686                                          0.21.5-4.fc41                        fedora
libpsl.x86_64                                        0.21.5-4.fc41                        fedora
libpsm2.x86_64                                       11.2.230-5.fc41                      fedora
libpwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.5-11.fc41                        fedora
libqhull_r.x86_64                                    1:8.0.2-5.fc41                       fedora
libqmi.x86_64                                        1.34.0-6.fc41                        fedora
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                  1.34.0-6.fc41                        fedora
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                  1.2.2-6.fc41                         fedora
libquadmath.x86_64                                   14.3.1-3.fc41                        updates
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                             14.3.1-3.fc41                        updates
libqxp.x86_64                                        0.0.2-27.fc41                        fedora
librabbitmq.x86_64                                   0.15.0-1.fc41                        updates
librados2.x86_64                                     2:19.2.3-7.fc41                      updates
libraqm.x86_64                                       0.8.0-8.fc41                         fedora
libraw1394.x86_64                                    2.1.2-21.fc41                        fedora
librbd1.x86_64                                       2:19.2.3-7.fc41                      updates
librdmacm.x86_64                                     51.0-5.fc41                          updates
libref_array.x86_64                                  0.1.5-57.fc41                        fedora
libreoffice.x86_64                                   1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-base.x86_64                              1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                              1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-core.x86_64                              1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-data.x86_64                              1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-draw.x86_64                              1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                        1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                     1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                              1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-gtk4.x86_64                              1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                           1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                           1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                       1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-math.x86_64                              1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                          1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                  1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                         1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                             1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                               1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-ure-common.x86_64                        1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                            1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                               1:24.8.7.2-2.fc41                    updates
librepo.x86_64                                       1.20.0-1.fc41                        updates
libreport.x86_64                                     2.17.15-3.fc41                       fedora
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                            2.17.15-3.fc41                       fedora
libreport-cli.x86_64                                 2.17.15-3.fc41                       fedora
libreport-fedora.x86_64                              2.17.15-3.fc41                       fedora
libreport-filesystem.noarch                          2.17.15-3.fc41                       fedora
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                 2.17.15-3.fc41                       fedora
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                     2.17.15-3.fc41                       fedora
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                   2.17.15-3.fc41                       fedora
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                       2.17.15-3.fc41                       fedora
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64               2.17.15-3.fc41                       fedora
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64              2.17.15-3.fc41                       fedora
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                      2.17.15-3.fc41                       fedora
libreport-web.x86_64                                 2.17.15-3.fc41                       fedora
librepository.noarch                                 1.1.3-44.fc41                        fedora
librevenge.x86_64                                    0.0.5-8.fc41                         fedora
librist.x86_64                                       0.2.7-5.fc41                         fedora
librsvg2.x86_64                                      2.59.2-1.fc41                        updates
librsync.x86_64                                      2.3.4-5.fc41                         fedora
librttopo.x86_64                                     1.1.0-16.fc41                        updates
libsamplerate.x86_64                                 0.2.2-9.fc41                         fedora
libsane-airscan.x86_64                               0.99.36-1.fc41                       updates
libsbc.i686                                          2.0-5.fc41                           fedora
libsbc.x86_64                                        2.0-5.fc41                           fedora
libseat.x86_64                                       0.9.1-1.fc41                         updates
libseccomp.x86_64                                    2.5.5-2.fc41                         fedora
libsecret.x86_64                                     0.21.7-1.fc41                        updates
libselinux.i686                                      3.7-5.fc41                           fedora
libselinux.x86_64                                    3.7-5.fc41                           fedora
libselinux-utils.x86_64                              3.7-5.fc41                           fedora
libsemanage.x86_64                                   3.7-2.fc41                           fedora
libsepol.i686                                        3.7-2.fc41                           fedora
libsepol.x86_64                                      3.7-2.fc41                           fedora
libserf.x86_64                                       1.3.10-7.fc41                        updates
libserializer.noarch                                 1.1.2-43.fc41                        fedora
libshaderc.x86_64                                    2025.1-1.fc41                        updates
libshout.i686                                        2.4.6-7.fc41                         fedora
libshout.x86_64                                      2.4.6-7.fc41                         fedora
libsigc++20.x86_64                                   2.12.1-3.fc41                        fedora
libsigc++30.x86_64                                   3.6.0-4.fc41                         fedora
libslirp.x86_64                                      4.8.0-2.fc41                         fedora
libslopy.x86_64                                      7.6-14.fc41                          fedora
libsmartcols.x86_64                                  2.40.4-1.fc41                        updates
libsmbclient.x86_64                                  2:4.21.7-1.fc41                      updates
libsndfile.i686                                      1.2.2-5.fc41                         updates
libsndfile.x86_64                                    1.2.2-5.fc41                         updates
libsodium.x86_64                                     1.0.20-3.fc41                        updates
libsolv.x86_64                                       0.7.34-1.fc41                        updates
libsoup.x86_64                                       2.74.3-7.fc41                        fedora
libsoup3.i686                                        3.6.5-2.fc41                         updates
libsoup3.x86_64                                      3.6.5-2.fc41                         updates
libspatialite.x86_64                                 5.1.0-8.fc41                         updates
libspectre.x86_64                                    0.2.12-7.fc41                        fedora
libspnav.x86_64                                      1.1-5.fc41                           fedora
libsquish.x86_64                                     1.15-17.fc41                         fedora
libsrtp.x86_64                                       2.6.0-1.fc41                         fedora
libss.x86_64                                         1.47.1-6.fc41                        fedora
libssh.i686                                          0.11.2-1.fc41                        updates
libssh.x86_64                                        0.11.2-1.fc41                        updates
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.11.2-1.fc41                        updates
libssh2.x86_64                                       1.11.1-1.fc41                        updates
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                2.11.1-1.fc41                        updates
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.11.1-1.fc41                        updates
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                              2.11.1-1.fc41                        updates
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                   2.11.1-1.fc41                        updates
libstaroffice.x86_64                                 0.0.7-14.fc41                        fedora
libstdc++.i686                                       14.3.1-3.fc41                        updates
libstdc++.x86_64                                     14.3.1-3.fc41                        updates
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                               14.3.1-3.fc41                        updates
libstemmer.x86_64                                    2.2.0-13.fc41                        fedora
libswresample-free.x86_64                            7.1.1-4.fc41                         updates
libswscale-free.x86_64                               7.1.1-4.fc41                         updates
libtalloc.x86_64                                     2.4.2-4.fc41                         fedora
libtasn1.i686                                        4.20.0-1.fc41                        updates
libtasn1.x86_64                                      4.20.0-1.fc41                        updates
libtdb.i686                                          1.4.12-3.fc41                        fedora
libtdb.x86_64                                        1.4.12-3.fc41                        fedora
libteam.x86_64                                       1.32-9.fc41                          fedora
libtevent.x86_64                                     0.16.1-4.fc41                        fedora
libtextstyle.x86_64                                  0.22.5-6.fc41                        fedora
libthai.i686                                         0.1.29-9.fc41                        fedora
libthai.x86_64                                       0.1.29-9.fc41                        fedora
libtheora.i686                                       1:1.1.1-38.fc41                      fedora
libtheora.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1-38.fc41                      fedora
libtiff.i686                                         4.6.0-6.fc41                         fedora
libtiff.x86_64                                       4.6.0-6.fc41                         fedora
libtirpc.x86_64                                      1.3.6-1.rc3.fc41                     updates
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                   1.18.2-20.fc41                       fedora
libtommath.x86_64                                    1.3.1~rc1-2.fc41                     fedora
libtool.x86_64                                       2.4.7-12.fc41                        fedora
libtool-ltdl.i686                                    2.4.7-12.fc41                        fedora
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                  2.4.7-12.fc41                        fedora
libtpms.x86_64                                       0.9.7-1.fc41                         updates
libtraceevent.x86_64                                 1.8.2-4.fc41                         fedora
libtracker-sparql.i686                               3.7.3-3.fc41                         fedora
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                             3.7.3-3.fc41                         fedora
libtree-sitter.x86_64                                0.23.0-2.fc41                        fedora
libtsan.x86_64                                       14.3.1-3.fc41                        updates
libudfread.x86_64                                    1.1.2-9.fc41                         fedora
libudisks2.x86_64                                    2.10.1-7.fc41                        updates
libunibreak.x86_64                                   6.1-2.fc41                           fedora
libunistring.i686                                    1.1-8.fc41                           fedora
libunistring.x86_64                                  1.1-8.fc41                           fedora
libunwind.i686                                       1.8.0-5.fc41                         updates
libunwind.x86_64                                     1.8.0-5.fc41                         updates
liburing.x86_64                                      2.6-2.fc41                           fedora
libusb1.i686                                         1.0.29-1.fc41                        updates
libusb1.x86_64                                       1.0.29-1.fc41                        updates
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                    2.0.2^20230620git8d30a55-6.fc41      fedora
libuser.x86_64                                       0.64-11.fc41                         fedora
libutempter.x86_64                                   1.2.1-15.fc41                        fedora
libuuid.i686                                         2.40.4-1.fc41                        updates
libuuid.x86_64                                       2.40.4-1.fc41                        updates
libuv.x86_64                                         1:1.51.0-1.fc41                      updates
libv4l.i686                                          1.28.1-1.fc41                        fedora
libv4l.x86_64                                        1.28.1-1.fc41                        fedora
libva.i686                                           2.22.0-3.fc41                        fedora
libva.x86_64                                         2.22.0-3.fc41                        fedora
libva-intel-media-driver.x86_64                      24.4.4-1.fc41                        updates
libvdpau.x86_64                                      1.5-8.fc41                           updates
libverto.i686                                        0.3.2-9.fc41                         fedora
libverto.x86_64                                      0.3.2-9.fc41                         fedora
libverto-libev.x86_64                                0.3.2-9.fc41                         fedora
libvirt-client.x86_64                                10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-common.x86_64                         10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                 10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64               10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                 10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                 10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                    10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                  10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                 10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64            10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64            10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64         10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64           10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64    10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64         10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64           10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64             10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64            10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-zfs.x86_64             10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                            10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-lock.x86_64                           10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-log.x86_64                            10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-plugin-lockd.x86_64                   10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-daemon-proxy.x86_64                          10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                  5.0.0-5.fc41                         updates
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                  10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvirt-ssh-proxy.x86_64                             10.6.0-7.fc41                        updates
libvisio.x86_64                                      0.1.8-1.fc41                         updates
libvisual.i686                                       1:0.4.2-1.fc41                       updates
libvisual.x86_64                                     1:0.4.2-1.fc41                       updates
libvmaf.x86_64                                       3.0.0-2.fc41                         fedora
libvorbis.i686                                       1:1.3.7-11.fc41                      fedora
libvorbis.x86_64                                     1:1.3.7-11.fc41                      fedora
libvpl.x86_64                                        1:2.15.0-2.fc41                      updates
libvpx.i686                                          1.15.0-3.fc41                        updates
libvpx.x86_64                                        1.15.0-3.fc41                        updates
libvterm.x86_64                                      0.3.3-4.fc41                         fedora
libwacom.x86_64                                      2.13.0-1.fc41                        fedora
libwacom-data.noarch                                 2.13.0-1.fc41                        fedora
libwayland-client.i686                               1.24.0-1.fc41                        updates
libwayland-client.x86_64                             1.24.0-1.fc41                        updates
libwayland-cursor.i686                               1.24.0-1.fc41                        updates
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                             1.24.0-1.fc41                        updates
libwayland-egl.i686                                  1.24.0-1.fc41                        updates
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                1.24.0-1.fc41                        updates
libwayland-server.i686                               1.24.0-1.fc41                        updates
libwayland-server.x86_64                             1.24.0-1.fc41                        updates
libwbclient.x86_64                                   2:4.21.7-1.fc41                      updates
libwebp.i686                                         1.5.0-1.fc41                         updates
libwebp.x86_64                                       1.5.0-1.fc41                         updates
libwmf.x86_64                                        0.2.13-6.fc41                        fedora
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                   0.2.13-6.fc41                        fedora
libwnck3.x86_64                                      43.2-1.fc41                          updates
libwpd.x86_64                                        0.10.3-20.fc41                       fedora
libwpg.x86_64                                        0.3.4-4.fc41                         fedora
libwps.x86_64                                        0.4.14-4.fc41                        fedora
libwsman1.x86_64                                     2.7.2-11.fc41                        fedora
libxcb.i686                                          1.17.0-3.fc41                        fedora
libxcb.x86_64                                        1.17.0-3.fc41                        fedora
libxcrypt.i686                                       4.4.38-7.fc41                        updates
libxcrypt.x86_64                                     4.4.38-7.fc41                        updates
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                              4.4.38-7.fc41                        updates
libxcrypt-devel.i686                                 4.4.38-7.fc41                        updates
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                               4.4.38-7.fc41                        updates
libxcrypt-static.x86_64                              4.4.38-7.fc41                        updates
libxcvt.x86_64                                       0.1.2-8.fc41                         fedora
libxdp.x86_64                                        1.5.4-1.fc41                         updates
libxfce4ui.x86_64                                    4.18.6-2.fc41                        fedora
libxfce4util.x86_64                                  4.18.2-2.fc41                        fedora
libxkbcommon.i686                                    1.7.0-4.fc41                         fedora
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                  1.7.0-4.fc41                         fedora
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                              1.7.0-4.fc41                         fedora
libxkbfile.x86_64                                    1.1.3-2.fc41                         fedora
libxklavier.x86_64                                   5.4-26.fc41                          fedora
libxml2.i686                                         2.12.10-1.fc41                       updates
libxml2.x86_64                                       2.12.10-1.fc41                       updates
libxmlb.x86_64                                       0.3.23-1.fc41                        updates
libxshmfence.i686                                    1.3.2-5.fc41                         updates
libxshmfence.x86_64                                  1.3.2-5.fc41                         updates
libxslt.x86_64                                       1.1.43-1.fc41                        updates
libyaml.x86_64                                       0.2.5-16.fc41                        updates
libyuv.i686                                          0-0.55.20240704git96bbdb5.fc41       fedora
libyuv.x86_64                                        0-0.55.20240704git96bbdb5.fc41       fedora
libzhuyin.x86_64                                     2.9.91-1.fc41                        fedora
libzip.x86_64                                        1.11.4-1.fc41                        updates
libzmf.x86_64                                        0.0.2-35.fc41                        fedora
libzstd.i686                                         1.5.7-1.fc41                         updates
libzstd.x86_64                                       1.5.7-1.fc41                         updates
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                 1.5.7-1.fc41                         updates
light.x86_64                                         1.2.2-14.fc41                        fedora
lightdm.x86_64                                       1.32.0-11.fc41                       fedora
lightdm-gobject.x86_64                               1.32.0-11.fc41                       fedora
lightdm-gtk.x86_64                                   2.0.8-10.fc41                        fedora
lightdm-gtk-greeter-settings.noarch                  1.2.2-25.fc41                        fedora
lilv-libs.x86_64                                     0.24.26-2.fc41                       updates
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                                2.5.1-40.fc41                        fedora
linux-firmware.noarch                                20250808-1.fc41                      updates
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                         20250808-1.fc41                      updates
livecd-iso-to-mediums.x86_64                         1:31.0-15.fc41                       updates
livecd-tools.x86_64                                  1:31.0-15.fc41                       updates
livesys-scripts.noarch                               0.6.4-1.fc41                         fedora
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.20-1.fc41                        updates
lld17.x86_64                                         17.0.6-5.fc41                        fedora
lld17-libs.x86_64                                    17.0.6-5.fc41                        fedora
lld18.x86_64                                         18.1.8-6.fc41                        fedora
lld18-devel.x86_64                                   18.1.8-6.fc41                        fedora
lld18-libs.x86_64                                    18.1.8-6.fc41                        fedora
llhttp.x86_64                                        9.2.1-2.fc41                         fedora
llvm.x86_64                                          19.1.7-5.fc41                        updates
llvm-libs.i686                                       19.1.7-5.fc41                        updates
llvm-libs.x86_64                                     19.1.7-5.fc41                        updates
llvm15-libs.x86_64                                   15.0.7-11.fc41                       fedora
llvm17.x86_64                                        17.0.6-9.fc41                        fedora
llvm17-devel.x86_64                                  17.0.6-9.fc41                        fedora
llvm17-googletest.x86_64                             17.0.6-9.fc41                        fedora
llvm17-libs.x86_64                                   17.0.6-9.fc41                        fedora
llvm17-static.x86_64                                 17.0.6-9.fc41                        fedora
llvm17-test.x86_64                                   17.0.6-9.fc41                        fedora
llvm18.x86_64                                        18.1.8-4.fc41                        fedora
llvm18-devel.x86_64                                  18.1.8-4.fc41                        fedora
llvm18-googletest.x86_64                             18.1.8-4.fc41                        fedora
llvm18-libs.x86_64                                   18.1.8-4.fc41                        fedora
llvm18-static.x86_64                                 18.1.8-4.fc41                        fedora
llvm18-test.x86_64                                   18.1.8-4.fc41                        fedora
lm_sensors-libs.i686                                 3.6.0-20.fc41                        fedora
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                               3.6.0-20.fc41                        fedora
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                     0.9.33-2.fc41                        fedora
lockdev.i686                                         1.0.4-0.50.20111007git.fc41          fedora
lockdev.x86_64                                       1.0.4-0.50.20111007git.fc41          fedora
logrotate.x86_64                                     3.22.0-2.fc41                        fedora
lorax.x86_64                                         41.7-2.fc41                          updates
lorax-templates-generic.x86_64                       41.7-2.fc41                          updates
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                            2.1-11.fc41                          fedora
lpcnetfreedv.x86_64                                  0.5-6.fc41                           fedora
lpsolve.x86_64                                       5.5.2.11-6.fc41                      fedora
lrzsz.x86_64                                         0.12.20-65.fc41                      fedora
lsof.x86_64                                          4.98.0-5.fc41                        fedora
lttng-ust.x86_64                                     2.13.8-3.fc41                        fedora
lua.x86_64                                           5.4.8-1.fc41                         updates
lua-devel.x86_64                                     5.4.8-1.fc41                         <unknown>
lua-filesystem.x86_64                                1.8.0-12.fc41                        fedora
lua-json.noarch                                      1.3.4-8.fc41                         fedora
lua-lgi-compat.x86_64                                0.9.2-20.fc41                        fedora
lua-libs.x86_64                                      5.4.8-1.fc41                         updates
lua-lpeg.x86_64                                      1.1.0-2.fc41                         fedora
lua-posix.x86_64                                     36.2.1-7.fc41                        fedora
lua-rpm-macros.noarch                                1-14.fc41                            <unknown>
lua-sec.x86_64                                       1.3.2-4.fc41                         <unknown>
lua-socket.x86_64                                    3.1.0-6.fc41                         <unknown>
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-14.fc41                            fedora
lua-term.x86_64                                      0.08-4.fc41                          fedora
lua5.1-lpeg.x86_64                                   1.1.0-2.fc41                         fedora
luajit.x86_64                                        2.1.1748459687-2.fc41                updates
luajit2.1-luv.x86_64                                 1.48.0.2-2.fc41                      fedora
luarocks.noarch                                      3.9.2-6.fc41                         <unknown>
lutris.x86_64                                        0.5.19-1.fc41                        updates
lv2.x86_64                                           1.18.8-9.fc41                        fedora
lvm2.x86_64                                          2.03.25-4.fc41                       fedora
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                    2.03.25-4.fc41                       fedora
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                     2.03.25-4.fc41                       fedora
lxappearance.x86_64                                  0.6.3^20240817git95d5b02e-2.fc41     fedora
lxrandr.x86_64                                       0.3.2^20240823git74471545-1.fc41     fedora
lxsession.x86_64                                     0.5.5^20240821git95e902d7-1.fc41     fedora
lz4-libs.x86_64                                      1.10.0-1.fc41                        fedora
lzo.x86_64                                           2.10-13.fc41                         fedora
lzop.x86_64                                          1.04-15.fc41                         fedora
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.10-1.fc41                        updates
m17n-lib.x86_64                                      1.8.6-1.fc41                         updates
m4.x86_64                                            1.4.19-10.fc41                       fedora
mactel-boot.x86_64                                   0.9-33.fc41                          fedora
madan-fonts.noarch                                   2.000-39.fc41                        fedora
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.54-7.fc41                        fedora
maim.x86_64                                          5.8.0-2.fc41                         fedora
make.x86_64                                          1:4.4.1-8.fc41                       fedora
makedumpfile.x86_64                                  1.7.7-1.fc41                         updates
malcontent-libs.x86_64                               0.12.0-2.fc41                        updates
man-db.x86_64                                        2.12.1-2.fc41                        fedora
man-pages.noarch                                     6.9.1-2.fc41                         fedora
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                           3.3.10-1.fc41                        fedora
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.3.10-1.fc41                        fedora
mattermost-desktop.x86_64                            5.10.2-1                             <unknown>
mbedtls.x86_64                                       2.28.9-1.fc41                        fedora
mcelog.x86_64                                        3:175-11.fc41                        fedora
mdadm.x86_64                                         4.3-4.fc41                           fedora
mdevctl.x86_64                                       1.4.0-1.fc41                         updates
mediawriter.x86_64                                   5.2.8-1.fc41                         updates
memstrack.x86_64                                     0.2.5-5.fc41                         fedora
mercurial.x86_64                                     6.8.2-1.fc41                         updates
mesa-dri-drivers.i686                                25.0.7-3.fc41                        updates
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                              25.0.7-3.fc41                        updates
mesa-filesystem.i686                                 25.0.7-3.fc41                        updates
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                               25.0.7-3.fc41                        updates
mesa-libEGL.i686                                     25.0.7-3.fc41                        updates
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                   25.0.7-3.fc41                        updates
mesa-libGL.i686                                      25.0.7-3.fc41                        updates
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                    25.0.7-3.fc41                        updates
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                   9.0.3-5.fc41                         fedora
mesa-libOSMesa.i686                                  25.0.7-3.fc41                        updates
mesa-libOSMesa.x86_64                                25.0.7-3.fc41                        updates
mesa-libgbm.i686                                     25.0.7-3.fc41                        updates
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                   25.0.7-3.fc41                        updates
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                             25.0.7-3.fc41                        updates
mesa-va-drivers.i686                                 25.0.7-3.fc41                        updates
mesa-va-drivers.x86_64                               25.0.7-3.fc41                        updates
mesa-vulkan-drivers.i686                             25.0.7-3.fc41                        updates
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                           25.0.7-3.fc41                        updates
metis.x86_64                                         5.1.0.3-6.fc41                       fedora
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                 2:2.1-67.2.fc41                      updates
mingw-binutils-generic.x86_64                        2.42-3.fc41                          updates
mingw-filesystem-base.noarch                         148-6.fc41                           fedora
mingw32-FAudio.noarch                                25.05-1.fc41                         updates
mingw32-SDL2.noarch                                  2.30.3-3.fc41                        updates
mingw32-SDL3.noarch                                  3.2.16-1.fc41                        updates
mingw32-binutils.x86_64                              2.42-3.fc41                          updates
mingw32-cpp.x86_64                                   14.2.1-3.fc41                        fedora
mingw32-crt.noarch                                   12.0.0-4.fc41                        fedora
mingw32-filesystem.noarch                            148-6.fc41                           fedora
mingw32-gcc.x86_64                                   14.2.1-3.fc41                        fedora
mingw32-gcc-c++.x86_64                               14.2.1-3.fc41                        fedora
mingw32-headers.noarch                               12.0.0-3.fc41                        fedora
mingw32-lcms2.noarch                                 2.14-7.fc41                          updates
mingw32-libgcc.x86_64                                14.2.1-3.fc41                        fedora
mingw32-libjpeg-turbo.noarch                         3.0.2-3.fc41                         updates
mingw32-libpng.noarch                                1.6.40-5.fc41                        updates
mingw32-libstdc++.x86_64                             14.2.1-3.fc41                        fedora
mingw32-libtiff.noarch                               4.4.0-7.fc41                         updates
mingw32-libxml2.noarch                               2.12.8-3.fc41                        updates
mingw32-libxslt.noarch                               1.1.43-3.fc41                        updates
mingw32-vkd3d.noarch                                 1.14-1.fc41                          updates
mingw32-win-iconv.noarch                             0.0.8-14.fc41                        updates
mingw32-wine-gecko.noarch                            2.47.4-4.fc40                        fedora
mingw32-winpthreads.noarch                           12.0.0-3.fc41                        updates
mingw32-winpthreads-static.noarch                    12.0.0-3.fc41                        updates
mingw32-zlib.noarch                                  1.3.1-4.fc41                         updates
mingw64-FAudio.noarch                                25.05-1.fc41                         updates
mingw64-SDL2.noarch                                  2.30.3-3.fc41                        updates
mingw64-SDL3.noarch                                  3.2.16-1.fc41                        updates
mingw64-binutils.x86_64                              2.42-3.fc41                          updates
mingw64-cpp.x86_64                                   14.2.1-3.fc41                        fedora
mingw64-crt.noarch                                   12.0.0-4.fc41                        fedora
mingw64-filesystem.noarch                            148-6.fc41                           fedora
mingw64-gcc.x86_64                                   14.2.1-3.fc41                        fedora
mingw64-gcc-c++.x86_64                               14.2.1-3.fc41                        fedora
mingw64-headers.noarch                               12.0.0-3.fc41                        fedora
mingw64-lcms2.noarch                                 2.14-7.fc41                          updates
mingw64-libgcc.x86_64                                14.2.1-3.fc41                        fedora
mingw64-libjpeg-turbo.noarch                         3.0.2-3.fc41                         updates
mingw64-libpng.noarch                                1.6.40-5.fc41                        updates
mingw64-libstdc++.x86_64                             14.2.1-3.fc41                        fedora
mingw64-libtiff.noarch                               4.4.0-7.fc41                         updates
mingw64-libxml2.noarch                               2.12.8-3.fc41                        updates
mingw64-libxslt.noarch                               1.1.43-3.fc41                        updates
mingw64-vkd3d.noarch                                 1.14-1.fc41                          updates
mingw64-win-iconv.noarch                             0.0.8-14.fc41                        updates
mingw64-wine-gecko.noarch                            2.47.4-4.fc40                        fedora
mingw64-winpthreads.noarch                           12.0.0-3.fc41                        updates
mingw64-winpthreads-static.noarch                    12.0.0-3.fc41                        updates
mingw64-zlib.noarch                                  1.3.1-4.fc41                         updates
minicom.x86_64                                       2.9-3.fc41                           fedora
miniupnpc.x86_64                                     2.2.5-7.fc41                         fedora
minizip-ng-compat.x86_64                             4.0.7-1.fc41                         fedora
mkfontscale.x86_64                                   1.2.3-1.fc41                         fedora
mkpasswd.x86_64                                      5.6.4-1.fc41                         updates
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                20240407-2.fc41                      fedora
moby-engine.x86_64                                   28.3.3-1.fc41                        updates
moby-filesystem.noarch                               28.3.3-1.fc41                        updates
mokutil.x86_64                                       2:0.7.1-2.fc41                       fedora
mongodb-compass.x86_64                               1.43.0-1.el8                         @commandline
mongodb-database-tools.x86_64                        100.13.0-1                           mongodb-org-6.0
mongodb-mongosh.x86_64                               2.5.6-1.el8                          mongodb-org-6.0
mongodb-org.x86_64                                   6.0.25-1.el9                         mongodb-org-6.0
mongodb-org-database.x86_64                          6.0.25-1.el9                         mongodb-org-6.0
mongodb-org-database-tools-extra.x86_64              6.0.25-1.el9                         mongodb-org-6.0
mongodb-org-mongos.x86_64                            6.0.25-1.el9                         mongodb-org-6.0
mongodb-org-server.x86_64                            6.0.25-1.el9                         mongodb-org-6.0
mongodb-org-tools.x86_64                             6.0.25-1.el9                         mongodb-org-6.0
mousepad.x86_64                                      0.6.3-1.fc41                         updates
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                            1.9-34.fc41                          fedora
mozilla-openh264.x86_64                              2.5.1-1.fc41                         fedora-cisco-openh264
mozjs128.x86_64                                      128.11.0-1.fc41                      updates
mpage.x86_64                                         2.5.7-20.fc41                        fedora
mpdecimal.x86_64                                     2.5.1-16.fc41                        fedora
mpfr.x86_64                                          4.2.1-5.fc41                         fedora
mpg123-libs.i686                                     1.32.10-1.fc41                       updates
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                   1.32.10-1.fc41                       updates
msgpack.x86_64                                       3.1.0-16.fc41                        fedora
mt32emu.x86_64                                       2.7.1-4.fc41                         fedora
mt7xxx-firmware.noarch                               20250808-1.fc41                      updates
mtdev.x86_64                                         1.1.6-9.fc41                         fedora
mtools.x86_64                                        4.0.49-1.fc41                        updates
mtr.x86_64                                           2:0.95-10.fc41                       fedora
munge.x86_64                                         0.5.16-3.fc41                        fedora
munge-libs.x86_64                                    0.5.16-3.fc41                        fedora
mypaint-brushes.noarch                               1:1.3.1-12.fc41                      fedora
mythes.x86_64                                        1.2.5-7.fc41                         fedora
mythes-en.noarch                                     3.0-40.fc41                          fedora
nagelfar.noarch                                      1.3.3-6.fc41                         fedora
nasm.x86_64                                          2.16.03-2.fc41                       fedora
nbdkit.x86_64                                        1.40.7-1.fc41                        updates
nbdkit-basic-filters.x86_64                          1.40.7-1.fc41                        updates
nbdkit-basic-plugins.x86_64                          1.40.7-1.fc41                        updates
nbdkit-curl-plugin.x86_64                            1.40.7-1.fc41                        updates
nbdkit-selinux.noarch                                1.40.7-1.fc41                        updates
nbdkit-server.x86_64                                 1.40.7-1.fc41                        updates
nbdkit-ssh-plugin.x86_64                             1.40.7-1.fc41                        updates
ncurses.x86_64                                       6.5-2.20240629.fc41                  fedora
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.5-2.20240629.fc41                  fedora
ncurses-c++-libs.x86_64                              6.5-2.20240629.fc41                  fedora
ncurses-compat-libs.x86_64                           6.5-2.20240629.fc41                  fedora
ncurses-devel.x86_64                                 6.5-2.20240629.fc41                  fedora
ncurses-libs.i686                                    6.5-2.20240629.fc41                  fedora
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                  6.5-2.20240629.fc41                  fedora
ndctl.x86_64                                         82-1.fc41                            updates
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                    82-1.fc41                            updates
neofetch.noarch                                      7.1.0-12.fc40                        fedora
neovim.x86_64                                        0.10.4-1.fc41                        updates
net-tools.x86_64                                     2.0-0.71.20160912git.fc41            fedora
netcdf.x86_64                                        4.9.2-6.fc41                         fedora
netpbm.x86_64                                        11.10.00-1.fc41                      updates
nettle.i686                                          3.10-3.fc41                          fedora
nettle.x86_64                                        3.10-3.fc41                          fedora
network-manager-applet.x86_64                        1.36.0-3.fc41                        fedora
newt.x86_64                                          0.52.24-5.fc41                       fedora
nfs-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.8.1-9.rc2.fc41                   updates
nftables.x86_64                                      1:1.0.9-7.fc41                       fedora
nilfs-utils.x86_64                                   2.2.11-3.fc41                        fedora
ninja-build.x86_64                                   1.12.1-3.fc41                        <unknown>
nitrogen.x86_64                                      1.6.1-27.fc41                        fedora
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                          1.36.0-3.fc41                        fedora
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                     4:7.92-3.fc41                        fedora
nodejs.x86_64                                        1:22.18.0-1.fc41                     updates
nodejs-cjs-module-lexer.noarch                       1.4.1-1.fc41                         updates
nodejs-docs.noarch                                   1:22.18.0-1.fc41                     updates
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                              1:22.18.0-1.fc41                     updates
nodejs-libs.x86_64                                   1:22.18.0-1.fc41                     updates
nodejs-npm.x86_64                                    1:10.9.3-1.22.18.0.1.fc41            updates
nodejs-undici.noarch                                 7.13.0-1.fc41                        updates
npth.x86_64                                          1.7-2.fc41                           fedora
nspr.x86_64                                          4.37.0-1.fc41                        updates
nss.x86_64                                           3.114.0-1.fc41                       updates
nss-mdns.i686                                        0.15.1-12.fc41                       fedora
nss-mdns.x86_64                                      0.15.1-12.fc41                       fedora
nss-softokn.x86_64                                   3.114.0-1.fc41                       updates
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                            3.114.0-1.fc41                       updates
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                   3.114.0-1.fc41                       updates
nss-util.x86_64                                      3.114.0-1.fc41                       updates
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                       2:2022.10.3-9.fc41                   updates
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                  2:2022.10.3-9.fc41                   updates
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                    1.0-17.fc41                          fedora
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                     2:2022.10.3-9.fc41                   updates
numactl-libs.x86_64                                  2.0.19-1.fc41                        updates
numad.x86_64                                         0.5-45.20150602git.fc41              fedora
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                           20250808-1.fc41                      updates
nvme-cli.x86_64                                      2.10.2-2.fc41                        fedora
nxpwireless-firmware.noarch                          20250808-1.fc41                      updates
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                             10-3.fc41                            fedora
ocl-icd.i686                                         2.3.3-1.fc41                         updates
ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.3.3-1.fc41                         updates
ogdi.x86_64                                          4.1.1-2.fc41                         fedora
oidn.x86_64                                          2.3.3-2.fc41                         updates
oidn-libs.x86_64                                     2.3.3-2.fc41                         updates
ongres-scram.noarch                                  2.1-14.fc41                          fedora
ongres-scram-client.noarch                           2.1-14.fc41                          fedora
ongres-stringprep.noarch                             1.1-13.fc41                          fedora
oniguruma.x86_64                                     6.9.10-1.fc41                        updates
open-sans-fonts.noarch                               1.10-22.fc41                         fedora
openal-soft.x86_64                                   1.23.1-6.fc41                        fedora
openbios.noarch                                      1:20230126-4.gitaf97fd7.fc41         fedora
openblas.x86_64                                      0.3.26-5.fc41                        fedora
openblas-openmp.x86_64                               0.3.26-5.fc41                        fedora
openblas-openmp64.x86_64                             0.3.26-5.fc41                        fedora
openblas-serial.x86_64                               0.3.26-5.fc41                        fedora
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                          2-18.fc41                            fedora
opencore-amr.i686                                    0.1.6-7.fc41                         fedora
opencore-amr.x86_64                                  0.1.6-7.fc41                         fedora
opencv-core.x86_64                                   4.10.0-4.fc41                        fedora
opencv-imgcodecs.x86_64                              4.10.0-4.fc41                        fedora
opencv-imgproc.x86_64                                4.10.0-4.fc41                        fedora
opencv-videoio.x86_64                                4.10.0-4.fc41                        fedora
openexr-libs.x86_64                                  3.2.4-3.fc41                         fedora
openh264.x86_64                                      2.5.1-1.fc41                         fedora-cisco-openh264
openjpeg.x86_64                                      2.5.3-8.fc41                         updates
openldap.i686                                        2.6.10-1.fc41                        updates
openldap.x86_64                                      2.6.10-1.fc41                        updates
openmpi.x86_64                                       5.0.5-2.fc41                         fedora
openmpi-devel.x86_64                                 5.0.5-2.fc41                         fedora
openpace.x86_64                                      1.1.3-2.fc41                         fedora
openpgl.x86_64                                       0.5.0-6.fc41                         fedora
openpgm.x86_64                                       5.2.122-35.fc41                      fedora
opensc.x86_64                                        0.26.1-3.fc41                        updates
opensc-libs.x86_64                                   0.26.1-3.fc41                        updates
openshadinglanguage-libs.x86_64                      1.13.12.0-1.fc41                     updates
openssh.x86_64                                       9.9p1-4.fc41                         updates
openssh-clients.x86_64                               9.9p1-4.fc41                         updates
openssh-server.x86_64                                9.9p1-4.fc41                         updates
openssl.x86_64                                       1:3.2.4-2.fc41                       updates
openssl-devel.x86_64                                 1:3.2.4-2.fc41                       updates
openssl-libs.i686                                    1:3.2.4-2.fc41                       updates
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:3.2.4-2.fc41                       updates
opensubdiv.x86_64                                    3.6.0-4.fc41                         updates
openvdb-libs.x86_64                                  11.0.0-14.fc41                       fedora
openvpn.x86_64                                       2.6.14-1.fc41                        updates
openvr-api.x86_64                                    2.7.1-1.fc41                         updates
openxr-libs.x86_64                                   1.1.50-1.fc41                        updates
opus.i686                                            1.5.2-2.fc41                         updates
opus.x86_64                                          1.5.2-2.fc41                         updates
opusfile.x86_64                                      0.12-13.fc41                         fedora
orangefs.x86_64                                      2.9.8-12.fc41                        fedora
orc.i686                                             0.4.39-1.fc41                        fedora
orc.x86_64                                           0.4.39-1.fc41                        fedora
os-prober.x86_64                                     1.81-8.fc41                          fedora
osinfo-db.noarch                                     20250124-1.fc41                      updates
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                               1.12.0-1.fc41                        updates
ostree-libs.x86_64                                   2025.4-2.fc41                        updates
p11-kit.i686                                         0.25.5-3.fc41                        fedora
p11-kit.x86_64                                       0.25.5-3.fc41                        fedora
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                0.25.5-3.fc41                        fedora
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                 0.25.5-3.fc41                        fedora
p7zip.x86_64                                         16.02-31.fc41                        fedora
p7zip-plugins.x86_64                                 16.02-31.fc41                        fedora
package-notes-srpm-macros.noarch                     0.5-12.fc41                          fedora
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     6.0-13.fc41                          fedora
pam.x86_64                                           1.6.1-8.fc41                         updates
pam-libs.i686                                        1.6.1-8.fc41                         updates
pam-libs.x86_64                                      1.6.1-8.fc41                         updates
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                  2.0.3-5.fc41                         fedora
pango.i686                                           1.56.3-1.fc41                        updates
pango.x86_64                                         1.56.3-1.fc41                        updates
pangomm.x86_64                                       2.46.4-2.fc41                        fedora
pangomm2.48.x86_64                                   2.54.0-2.fc41                        fedora
paps.x86_64                                          0.8.0-11.fc41                        fedora
parquet-libs.x86_64                                  16.1.0-14.fc41                       updates
parted.x86_64                                        3.6-7.fc41                           fedora
partio-libs.x86_64                                   1.19.0-1.fc41                        updates
passim.x86_64                                        0.1.10-1.fc41                        updates
passim-libs.x86_64                                   0.1.10-1.fc41                        updates
passt.x86_64                                         0^20250805.g309eefd-2.fc41           updates
passt-selinux.noarch                                 0^20250805.g309eefd-2.fc41           updates
passwdqc.x86_64                                      2.0.3-5.fc41                         fedora
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                2.0.3-5.fc41                         fedora
patch.x86_64                                         2.7.6-25.fc41                        fedora
patchutils.x86_64                                    0.4.2-14.fc41                        fedora
pavucontrol.x86_64                                   6.1-1.fc41                           fedora
pbzip2.x86_64                                        1.1.13-13.fc41                       fedora
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                    1.1-16.fc41                          fedora
pciutils.x86_64                                      3.14.0-1.fc41                        updates
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                 3.14.0-1.fc41                        updates
pcre.x86_64                                          8.45-1.fc41.7                        fedora
pcre2.i686                                           10.44-1.fc41.1                       fedora
pcre2.x86_64                                         10.44-1.fc41.1                       fedora
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                  10.44-1.fc41.1                       fedora
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                   10.44-1.fc41.1                       fedora
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                   10.44-1.fc41.1                       fedora
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                     2.3.1-1.fc41                         updates
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                1.6.1-2.fc41                         fedora
pcsc-lite-libs.i686                                  2.3.1-1.fc41                         updates
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                2.3.1-1.fc41                         updates
pentaho-libxml.noarch                                1.1.3-43.fc41                        fedora
pentaho-reporting-flow-engine.noarch                 1:0.9.4-36.fc41                      fedora
perl-AnyEvent.x86_64                                 7.17-19.fc41                         fedora
perl-AnyEvent-I3.noarch                              0.19-2.fc41                          fedora
perl-Authen-SASL.noarch                              2.1700-4.fc41                        fedora
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                               5.74-517.fc41                        updates
perl-B.x86_64                                        1.89-517.fc41                        updates
perl-B-Hooks-EndOfScope.noarch                       0.28-2.fc41                          fedora
perl-Business-ISBN.noarch                            3.009-5.fc41                         fedora
perl-Business-ISBN-Data.noarch                       20240930.001-1.fc41                  fedora
perl-Business-ISMN.noarch                            1.204-2.fc41                         fedora
perl-Business-ISSN.noarch                            1.005-12.fc41                        fedora
perl-Cairo.x86_64                                    1.109-15.fc41                        fedora
perl-Cairo-GObject.x86_64                            1.005-17.fc41.1                      fedora
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.54-511.fc41                        fedora
perl-Carp-Always.noarch                              0.16-19.fc41                         fedora
perl-Class-Accessor.noarch                           0.51-21.fc41                         fedora
perl-Class-Data-Inheritable.noarch                   0.09-9.fc41                          fedora
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                          1.36-17.fc41                         fedora
perl-Class-Method-Modifiers.noarch                   2.15-5.fc41                          fedora
perl-Class-Singleton.noarch                          1.6-12.fc41                          fedora
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                             0.68-517.fc41                        updates
perl-Class-XSAccessor.x86_64                         1.19-36.fc41                         fedora
perl-Clone.x86_64                                    0.47-1.fc41                          fedora
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                       2.212-512.fc41                       fedora
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                        2.212-512.fc41                       fedora
perl-Convert-ASN1.noarch                             0.34-4.fc41                          fedora
perl-Cpanel-JSON-XS.x86_64                           4.38-4.fc41                          fedora
perl-Data-Compare.noarch                             1.29-5.fc41                          fedora
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                                1.25-11.fc41                         fedora
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                              2.189-512.fc41                       fedora
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                             0.114-5.fc41                         fedora
perl-Data-Uniqid.noarch                              0.12-34.fc41                         fedora
perl-Date-ISO8601.noarch                             0.005-21.fc41                        fedora
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                               6.96-1.fc41                          updates
perl-DateTime.x86_64                                 2:1.65-6.fc41                        fedora
perl-DateTime-Calendar-Julian.noarch                 0.107-8.fc41                         fedora
perl-DateTime-Format-Builder.noarch                  0.8300-14.fc41                       fedora
perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime.noarch                 1:1.79-11.fc41                       fedora
perl-DateTime-Locale.noarch                          1.44-1.fc41                          updates
perl-DateTime-TimeZone.noarch                        2.65-1.fc41                          updates
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-SystemV.noarch                0.010-22.fc41                        fedora
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-Tzfile.noarch                 0.011-22.fc41                        fedora
perl-Devel-CallChecker.x86_64                        0.009-7.fc41                         fedora
perl-Devel-Caller.x86_64                             2.07-7.fc41                          fedora
perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction.noarch                  0.14-25.fc41                         fedora
perl-Devel-LexAlias.x86_64                           0.05-38.fc41                         fedora
perl-Devel-StackTrace.noarch                         1:2.05-4.fc41                        fedora
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.20-511.fc41                        fedora
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                              1.04-11.fc41                         fedora
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                               2.59-5.fc41                          fedora
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                               1:6.04-512.fc41                      fedora
perl-Dist-CheckConflicts.noarch                      0.11-31.fc41                         fedora
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                               1.56-517.fc41                        updates
perl-DynaLoader-Functions.noarch                     0.004-5.fc41                         fedora
perl-Email-Date-Format.noarch                        1.008-5.fc41                         fedora
perl-Encode.x86_64                                   4:3.21-511.fc41                      fedora
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                            1.05-30.fc41                         fedora
perl-English.noarch                                  1.11-517.fc41                        updates
perl-Errno.x86_64                                    1.38-517.fc41                        updates
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17029-16.fc41                    fedora
perl-Eval-Closure.noarch                             0.14-24.fc41                         fedora
perl-Exception-Class.noarch                          1.45-11.fc41                         fedora
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.78-511.fc41                        fedora
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch                            1.006002-5.fc41                      fedora
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                        2:7.70-512.fc41                      fedora
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                    1.18-517.fc41                        updates
perl-File-Basename.noarch                            2.86-517.fc41                        updates
perl-File-Compare.noarch                             1.100.800-517.fc41                   updates
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                2.41-517.fc41                        updates
perl-File-Copy-Recursive.noarch                      0.45-16.fc41                         fedora
perl-File-Find.noarch                                1.44-517.fc41                        updates
perl-File-Find-Rule.noarch                           0.35-1.fc41                          updates
perl-File-Listing.noarch                             6.16-4.fc41                          fedora
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.18-511.fc41                        fedora
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                            1.118-12.fc41                        fedora
perl-File-Slurper.noarch                             0.014-6.fc41                         fedora
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                1:0.231.100-511.fc41                 fedora
perl-File-Which.noarch                               1.27-12.fc41                         fedora
perl-File-stat.noarch                                1.14-517.fc41                        updates
perl-FileHandle.noarch                               2.05-517.fc41                        updates
perl-Filter.x86_64                                   2:1.64-512.fc41                      fedora
perl-FindBin.noarch                                  1.54-517.fc41                        updates
perl-GD.x86_64                                       2.83-2.fc41                          fedora
perl-GD-Barcode.noarch                               2.00-5.fc41                          fedora
perl-GSSAPI.x86_64                                   0.28-47.fc41                         fedora
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.58-2.fc41                        fedora
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                               1.14-517.fc41                        updates
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.51.0-2.fc41                        updates
perl-Glib.x86_64                                     1.3294-5.fc41                        fedora
perl-Glib-Object-Introspection.x86_64                0.051-4.fc41                         updates
perl-Goo-Canvas.x86_64                               0.06-56.fc41                         fedora
perl-GooCanvas2.noarch                               0.06-21.fc41                         fedora
perl-GooCanvas2-CairoTypes.x86_64                    0.001-16.fc41                        fedora
perl-Gtk2.x86_64                                     1.24993-18.fc41                      fedora
perl-Gtk3.noarch                                     0.038-14.fc41                        fedora
perl-Gtk3-ImageView.noarch                           12-1.fc41                            updates
perl-Guard.x86_64                                    1.023-32.fc41                        fedora
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                              3.83-1.fc41                          fedora
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                              3.24-2.fc41                          fedora
perl-HTML-Tree.noarch                                1:5.07-27.fc41                       fedora
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                             6.11-4.fc41                          fedora
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                6.06-5.fc41                          fedora
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                             6.46-2.fc41                          fedora
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                           6.01-39.fc41                         fedora
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.090-1.fc41                         updates
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64                      1.27-517.fc41                        updates
perl-I18N-LangTags.noarch                            0.45-517.fc41                        updates
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                            0.24-517.fc41                        updates
perl-IO.x86_64                                       1.55-517.fc41                        updates
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                              2.212-513.fc41                       updates
perl-IO-Compress-Brotli.x86_64                       0.004001-14.fc41                     fedora
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                  1.004-13.fc41                        fedora
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.43-1.fc41                          updates
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.089-1.fc41                         fedora
perl-IO-String.noarch                                1.08-51.fc41                         fedora
perl-IO-stringy.noarch                               2.113-15.fc41                        fedora
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                  2:1.04-512.fc41                      fedora
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                1.22-517.fc41                        updates
perl-IPC-Run3.noarch                                 0.049-2.fc41                         fedora
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                                 2.09-512.fc41                        fedora
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                        1.30-14.fc41                         fedora
perl-Image-ExifTool.noarch                           13.10-1.fc41                         updates
perl-Import-Into.noarch                              1.002005-27.fc41                     fedora
perl-JSON.noarch                                     4.10-6.fc41                          fedora
perl-JSON-MaybeXS.noarch                             1.004008-2.fc41                      fedora
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                                  1:4.16-512.fc41                      fedora
perl-JSON-XS.x86_64                                  1:4.03-15.fc41                       fedora
perl-LDAP.noarch                                     1:0.68-14.fc41                       fedora
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                           6.04-19.fc41                         fedora
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                       6.14-2.fc41                          fedora
perl-Lexical-SealRequireHints.x86_64                 0.012-8.fc41                         fedora
perl-Lexical-Var.x86_64                              0.010-7.fc41                         fedora
perl-Lingua-Translit.noarch                          0.29-7.fc41                          fedora
perl-List-AllUtils.noarch                            0.19-13.fc41                         fedora
perl-List-MoreUtils.noarch                           0.430-12.fc41                        fedora
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS.x86_64                        0.430-15.fc41                        fedora
perl-List-SomeUtils.noarch                           0.59-6.fc41                          fedora
perl-List-UtilsBy.noarch                             0.12-10.fc41                         fedora
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                          1.33-512.fc41                        fedora
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                   1:0.21-517.fc41                      updates
perl-Locale-gettext.x86_64                           1.07-33.fc41                         fedora
perl-Log-Dispatch.noarch                             2.71-5.fc41                          fedora
perl-Log-Dispatch-FileRotate.noarch                  1.38-10.fc41                         fedora
perl-Log-Log4perl.noarch                             1.57-6.fc41                          fedora
perl-MIME-Base32.noarch                              1.303-21.fc41                        fedora
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                              3.16-511.fc41                        fedora
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                             1.013.1-6.fc41                       fedora
perl-MIME-Lite.noarch                                3.033-11.fc41                        fedora
perl-MIME-Types.noarch                               2.26-2.fc41                          fedora
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                               0.15-10.fc41                         fedora
perl-Mail-Sender.noarch                              1:0.903-25.fc41                      fedora
perl-Mail-Sendmail.noarch                            0.80-21.fc41                         fedora
perl-MailTools.noarch                                2.21-17.fc41                         fedora
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                              1:2.0030.03-3.fc41                   fedora
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                             1.62-517.fc41                        updates
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                          1:5.20250820-1.fc41                  updates
perl-Module-Implementation.noarch                    0.09-40.fc41                         fedora
perl-Module-Load.noarch                              1:0.36-511.fc41                      fedora
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                  0.74-511.fc41                        fedora
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                          1.000038-511.fc41                    fedora
perl-Module-Pluggable.noarch                         2:5.2-29.fc41                        fedora
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch                           0.016-23.fc41                        fedora
perl-Moo.noarch                                      2.005005-7.fc41                      fedora
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20240730-1.fc41                      fedora
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                1.17-517.fc41                        updates
perl-NKF.x86_64                                      1:2.1.4-34.fc41                      fedora
perl-NTLM.noarch                                     1.09-39.fc41                         fedora
perl-Net-DBus.x86_64                                 1.2.0-17.fc41                        fedora
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                                 6.23-5.fc41                          fedora
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.noarch                             1.04-25.fc41                         fedora
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                               1.94-7.fc41                          fedora
perl-Number-Bytes-Human.noarch                       0.11-24.fc41                         fedora
perl-Number-Compare.noarch                           0.03-39.fc41                         fedora
perl-Object-HashBase.noarch                          0.013-2.fc41                         fedora
perl-Opcode.x86_64                                   1.65-517.fc41                        updates
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                    2.20-517.fc41                        updates
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                        1.106-32.fc41                        fedora
perl-Package-Stash.noarch                            0.40-8.fc41                          fedora
perl-Package-Stash-XS.x86_64                         0.30-9.fc41                          fedora
perl-PadWalker.x86_64                                2.5-15.fc41                          fedora
perl-Pango.x86_64                                    1.227-37.fc41                        fedora
perl-Params-Check.noarch                             1:0.38-511.fc41                      fedora
perl-Params-Classify.x86_64                          0.015-24.fc41                        fedora
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                              1.102-16.fc41                        fedora
perl-Params-Validate.x86_64                          1.31-9.fc41                          fedora
perl-Params-ValidationCompiler.noarch                0.31-6.fc41                          fedora
perl-Parse-RecDescent.noarch                         1.967015-23.fc41                     fedora
perl-Path-Class.noarch                               0.37-28.fc41                         fedora
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                3.91-512.fc41                        updates
perl-Perl-OSType.noarch                              1.010-512.fc41                       fedora
perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict.x86_64                       0.010-8.fc41                         fedora
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-511.fc41                      fedora
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                 1.35-517.fc41                        updates
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28.01-512.fc41                     fedora
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.45-511.fc41                      fedora
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:2.03-511.fc41                      fedora
perl-Proc-ProcessTable.x86_64                        0.636-5.fc41                         fedora
perl-Proc-Simple.noarch                              1.32-26.fc41                         fedora
perl-Readonly.noarch                                 2.05-27.fc41                         fedora
perl-Ref-Util.noarch                                 0.204-21.fc41                        fedora
perl-Ref-Util-XS.x86_64                              0.117-24.fc41                        fedora
perl-Regexp-Common.noarch                            2024080801-1.fc41                    fedora
perl-Role-Tiny.noarch                                2.002004-12.fc41                     fedora
perl-Safe.noarch                                     2.46-517.fc41                        updates
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                        5:1.68-1.fc41                        updates
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                              1.02-517.fc41                        updates
perl-Socket.x86_64                                   4:2.038-511.fc41                     fedora
perl-Sort-Key.x86_64                                 1.33-32.fc41                         fedora
perl-Sort-Naturally.noarch                           1.03-36.fc41                         fedora
perl-Specio.noarch                                   0.48-7.fc41                          fedora
perl-Storable.x86_64                                 1:3.32-511.fc41                      fedora
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                             0.991-4.fc41                         fedora
perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive.noarch                 0.001013-25.fc41                     fedora
perl-Sub-Identify.x86_64                             0.14-28.fc41                         fedora
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                              0.929-6.fc41                         fedora
perl-Sub-Quote.noarch                                2.006008-6.fc41                      fedora
perl-Symbol.noarch                                   1.09-517.fc41                        updates
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                             1.25-517.fc41                        updates
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                               0.36-512.fc41                        fedora
perl-Task-Weaken.noarch                              1.06-20.fc41                         fedora
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           5.01-512.fc41                        fedora
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.18-511.fc41                        fedora
perl-Term-Size-Any.noarch                            0.002-43.fc41                        fedora
perl-Term-Size-Perl.x86_64                           0.031-20.fc41                        fedora
perl-Term-Table.noarch                               0.022-2.fc41                         updates
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                              2.38-23.fc41                         fedora
perl-Test-Simple.noarch                              3:1.302204-1.fc41                    fedora
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                            2.06-511.fc41                        fedora
perl-Text-BibTeX.x86_64                              0.89-7.fc41                          fedora
perl-Text-CSV.noarch                                 2.05-1.fc41                          updates
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                                0.11-24.fc41                         fedora
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.31-511.fc41                        fedora
perl-Text-Roman.noarch                               3.5-28.fc41                          fedora
perl-Text-Soundex.x86_64                             3.05-32.fc41                         fedora
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2024.001-511.fc41                    fedora
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                           1.30-25.fc41                         fedora
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                             3.14-511.fc41                        fedora
perl-Tie.noarch                                      4.6-517.fc41                         updates
perl-Tie-Cycle.noarch                                1.228-3.fc41                         fedora
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                              1.41-1.fc41                          fedora
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                               4:1.9777-511.fc41                    fedora
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               2:1.350-511.fc41                     fedora
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                 1:2.33-15.fc41                       fedora
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                                 0.32-1.fc41                          fedora
perl-Types-Serialiser.noarch                         1.01-12.fc41                         fedora
perl-URI.noarch                                      5.30-1.fc41                          fedora
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                          1.31-511.fc41                        fedora
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                        2019.001-22.fc41                     fedora
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                        1.32-511.fc41                        fedora
perl-Unicode-UCD.noarch                              0.78-517.fc41                        updates
perl-Variable-Magic.x86_64                           0.64-3.fc41                          fedora
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                           6.02-40.fc41                         fedora
perl-X11-Protocol.noarch                             0.56-47.fc41                         fedora
perl-X11-Protocol-Other.noarch                       31-17.fc41                           fedora
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                               1:2.0210-3.fc41                      fedora
perl-XML-LibXML-Simple.noarch                        1.01-15.fc41                         fedora
perl-XML-LibXSLT.x86_64                              2.003.000-2.fc41                     fedora
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                     1.12-24.fc41                         fedora
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                               2.47-5.fc41                          fedora
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                                  1.02-17.fc41                         fedora
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                             1.09-24.fc41                         fedora
perl-XML-Simple.noarch                               2.25-21.fc41                         fedora
perl-XML-Twig.noarch                                 3.53-1.fc41                          updates
perl-XML-Writer.noarch                               0.900-15.fc41                        fedora
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                                1.48-7.fc41                          fedora
perl-XString.x86_64                                  0.005-14.fc41                        fedora
perl-autodie.noarch                                  2.37-512.fc41                        fedora
perl-autovivification.x86_64                         0.18-24.fc41                         fedora
perl-base.noarch                                     2.27-517.fc41                        updates
perl-common-sense.x86_64                             3.7.5-18.fc41                        fedora
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-512.fc41                        fedora
perl-deprecate.noarch                                0.04-517.fc41                        updates
perl-diagnostics.noarch                              1.40-517.fc41                        updates
perl-encoding.x86_64                                 4:3.00-511.fc41                      fedora
perl-experimental.noarch                             0.033-1.fc41                         updates
perl-if.noarch                                       0.61.000-517.fc41                    updates
perl-interpreter.x86_64                              4:5.40.3-517.fc41                    updates
perl-lib.x86_64                                      0.65-517.fc41                        updates
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.15-512.fc41                        fedora
perl-libs.x86_64                                     4:5.40.3-517.fc41                    updates
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                              6.77-2.fc41                          fedora
perl-locale.noarch                                   1.12-517.fc41                        updates
perl-meta-notation.noarch                            5.40.3-517.fc41                      updates
perl-mro.x86_64                                      1.29-517.fc41                        updates
perl-namespace-autoclean.noarch                      0.29-19.fc41                         fedora
perl-namespace-clean.noarch                          0.27-27.fc41                         fedora
perl-open.noarch                                     1.13-517.fc41                        updates
perl-overload.noarch                                 1.37-517.fc41                        updates
perl-overloading.noarch                              0.02-517.fc41                        updates
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.242-1.fc41                       fedora
perl-podlators.noarch                                1:6.0.2-2.fc41                       fedora
perl-sigtrap.noarch                                  1.10-517.fc41                        updates
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                              1-56.fc41                            fedora
perl-subs.noarch                                     1.04-517.fc41                        updates
perl-threads.x86_64                                  1:2.40-511.fc41                      fedora
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                           1.69-511.fc41                        fedora
perl-vars.noarch                                     1.05-517.fc41                        updates
perl-version.x86_64                                  9:0.99.33-1.fc41                     fedora
perltidy.noarch                                      20240903-1.fc41                      fedora
pgmodeler.x86_64                                     1.1.3-2.fc41                         fedora
picocom.x86_64                                       2024.07-1.fc41                       fedora
pigz.x86_64                                          2.8-5.fc41                           fedora
pinentry.x86_64                                      1.3.1-2.fc41                         fedora
pinfo.x86_64                                         0.6.13-7.fc41                        fedora
pipewire.i686                                        1.2.8-1.fc41                         updates
pipewire.x86_64                                      1.2.8-1.fc41                         updates
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                 1.2.8-1.fc41                         updates
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                            1.2.8-1.fc41                         updates
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64            1.2.8-1.fc41                         updates
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit-libs.x86_64       1.2.8-1.fc41                         updates
pipewire-libs.i686                                   1.2.8-1.fc41                         updates
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                 1.2.8-1.fc41                         updates
pipewire-plugin-libcamera.x86_64                     1.2.8-1.fc41                         updates
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                           1.2.8-1.fc41                         updates
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                1.2.8-1.fc41                         updates
pixman.i686                                          0.44.2-1.fc41                        updates
pixman.x86_64                                        0.44.2-1.fc41                        updates
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                 1.30.0-2.fc41                        fedora
pkcs11-provider.x86_64                               0.6-2.fc41                           updates
pkgconf.x86_64                                       2.3.0-1.fc41                         fedora
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    2.3.0-1.fc41                         fedora
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                            2.3.0-1.fc41                         fedora
plocate.x86_64                                       1.1.22-4.fc41                        fedora
plymouth.x86_64                                      24.004.60-14.fc41                    fedora
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                            24.004.60-14.fc41                    fedora
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                        24.004.60-14.fc41                    fedora
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                         24.004.60-14.fc41                    fedora
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                      24.004.60-14.fc41                    fedora
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                              24.004.60-14.fc41                    fedora
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                         24.004.60-14.fc41                    fedora
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                        24.004.60-14.fc41                    fedora
pmix.x86_64                                          4.2.8-3.fc41                         fedora
pnpm.noarch                                          10.9.0-1.fc41                        <unknown>
policycoreutils.x86_64                               3.7-8.fc41                           updates
policycoreutils-devel.x86_64                         3.7-8.fc41                           updates
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  3.7-8.fc41                           updates
polkit.x86_64                                        125-1.fc41.2                         updates
polkit-libs.x86_64                                   125-1.fc41.2                         updates
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                            0.1-29.fc41                          fedora
poppler.x86_64                                       24.08.0-2.fc41                       updates
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                   24.08.0-2.fc41                       updates
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.11-8.fc41                        fedora
poppler-glib.x86_64                                  24.08.0-2.fc41                       updates
poppler-utils.x86_64                                 24.08.0-2.fc41                       updates
popt.x86_64                                          1.19-7.fc41                          fedora
postgresql.x86_64                                    16.9-1.fc41                          updates
postgresql-contrib.x86_64                            16.9-1.fc41                          updates
postgresql-jdbc.noarch                               42.7.3-2.fc41                        fedora
postgresql-private-libs.x86_64                       16.9-1.fc41                          updates
postgresql-server.x86_64                             16.9-1.fc41                          updates
potrace.x86_64                                       1.16-13.fc41                         fedora
powertop.x86_64                                      2.15-9.fc41                          fedora
ppp.x86_64                                           2.5.0-13.fc41                        fedora
procps-ng.x86_64                                     4.0.4-4.fc41                         fedora
proj.x86_64                                          9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data.noarch                                     9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-ar.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-at.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-au.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-be.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-br.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-ca.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-ch.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-de.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-dk.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-es.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-eur.noarch                                 9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-fi.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-fo.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-fr.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-is.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-jp.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-mx.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-nc.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-nl.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-no.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-nz.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-pl.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-pt.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-se.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-si.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-sk.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-uk.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-us.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
proj-data-za.noarch                                  9.4.1-3.fc41                         updates
protobuf.x86_64                                      3.19.6-10.fc41                       fedora
protobuf-c.x86_64                                    1.5.0-4.fc41                         fedora
prrte.x86_64                                         3.0.6-1.fc41                         updates
prrte-libs.x86_64                                    3.0.6-1.fc41                         updates
psacct.x86_64                                        6.6.4-22.fc41                        fedora
psmisc.x86_64                                        23.7-3.fc41                          fedora
ptex-libs.x86_64                                     2.4.3-2.fc41                         fedora
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20250616-1.fc41                      updates
pugixml.x86_64                                       1.13-6.fc41                          fedora
pulseaudio-libs.i686                                 17.0-2.fc41                          fedora
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                               17.0-2.fc41                          fedora
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                         17.0-2.fc41                          fedora
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                              17.0-2.fc41                          fedora
pygobject2.x86_64                                    2.28.7-21.fc40                       fedora
pygtk2.x86_64                                        2.24.0-43.fc40                       fedora
pyproject-rpm-macros.noarch                          1.18.3-1.fc41                        updates
pyproject-srpm-macros.noarch                         1.18.3-1.fc41                        updates
pystring.x86_64                                      1.1.4-3.fc41                         fedora
python-imgcreate-sysdeps.x86_64                      1:31.0-15.fc41                       updates
python-pip-wheel.noarch                              24.2-1.fc41                          fedora
python-rpm-macros.noarch                             3.13-5.fc41                          updates
python-srpm-macros.noarch                            3.13-5.fc41                          updates
python-unversioned-command.noarch                    3.13.7-1.fc41                        updates
python2-cairo.x86_64                                 1.18.2-16.fc40                       fedora
python2.7.x86_64                                     2.7.18-43.fc40                       updates
python3.x86_64                                       3.13.7-1.fc41                        updates
python3-abrt.x86_64                                  2.17.6-3.fc41                        updates
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                            2.17.6-3.fc41                        updates
python3-appdirs.noarch                               1.4.4-23.fc41                        fedora
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           3.6.2-2.fc41                         updates
python3-attrs.noarch                                 24.2.0-1.fc41                        fedora
python3-audit.x86_64                                 4.1.1-1.fc41                         updates
python3-augeas.noarch                                1.1.0-14.fc41                        fedora
python3-babel.noarch                                 2.17.0-1.fc41                        updates
python3-bcrypt.x86_64                                4.1.2-5.fc41                         fedora
python3-beaker.noarch                                1.12.1-7.fc41                        fedora
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                        4.13.4-1.fc41                        updates
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.11.0-4.fc41                      updates
python3-blockdev.x86_64                              3.2.2-1.fc41                         updates
python3-boto3.noarch                                 1.40.14-1.fc41                       updates
python3-botocore.noarch                              1.40.14-1.fc41                       updates
python3-bytesize.x86_64                              2.11-99.fc41                         fedora
python3-cached_property.noarch                       1.5.2-16.fc41                        fedora
python3-cairo.x86_64                                 1.25.1-5.fc41                        fedora
python3-certifi.noarch                               2023.05.07-7.fc41                    fedora
python3-cffi.x86_64                                  1.17.0-1.fc41                        fedora
python3-chardet.noarch                               5.2.0-14.fc41                        fedora
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                    3.3.2-5.fc41                         fedora
python3-click.noarch                                 8.1.7-6.fc41                         fedora
python3-click-plugins.noarch                         1.1.1.2-1.fc41                       updates
python3-colorama.noarch                              0.4.6-9.fc41                         fedora
python3-crypt-r.x86_64                               3.13.1-3.fc41                        fedora
python3-crypto.x86_64                                2.6.1-52.fc41                        fedora
python3-cryptography.x86_64                          43.0.0-4.fc41                        updates
python3-cssselect.noarch                             1.1.0-10.fc41                        fedora
python3-cups.x86_64                                  2.0.4-3.fc41                         fedora
python3-cython.x86_64                                3.0.11-1.fc41                        fedora
python3-dasbus.noarch                                1.7-8.fc41                           fedora
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.8.2-16.fc41                      fedora
python3-dbus.x86_64                                  1.3.2-8.fc41                         fedora
python3-devel.x86_64                                 3.13.7-1.fc41                        updates
python3-distro.noarch                                1.9.0-5.fc41                         fedora
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.23.0-1.fc41                        updates
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.10.1-1.fc41                        updates
python3-docker.noarch                                7.1.0-3.fc41                         fedora
python3-docker+ssh.noarch                            7.1.0-3.fc41                         fedora
python3-docker-pycreds.noarch                        0.4.0-21.fc41                        fedora
python3-dockerpty.noarch                             0.4.1-33.fc41                        fedora
python3-docopt.noarch                                1:0.6.2-3.fc41                       fedora
python3-dotenv.noarch                                1.0.1-3.fc41                         fedora
python3-dotenv+cli.noarch                            1.0.1-3.fc41                         fedora
python3-enchant.noarch                               3.2.2-14.fc41                        fedora
python3-evdev.x86_64                                 1.9.1-1.fc41                         updates
python3-file-magic.noarch                            5.45-7.fc41                          fedora
python3-firewall.noarch                              2.2.3-2.fc41                         updates
python3-gobject.x86_64                               3.48.2-3.fc41                        fedora
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                          3.48.2-3.fc41                        fedora
python3-google-re2.x86_64                            2:1.1.20250812-1.fc41                updates
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                0.74.0-1.fc41                        updates
python3-httplib2.noarch                              0.21.0-8.fc41                        fedora
python3-humanize.noarch                              4.9.0-2.fc41                         fedora
python3-idna.noarch                                  3.7-4.fc41                           fedora
python3-imgcreate.x86_64                             1:31.0-15.fc41                       updates
python3-inkex.noarch                                 1.4.0-1.fc41                         updates
python3-inotify.noarch                               0.9.6-36.fc41                        fedora
python3-iso639.noarch                                0.1.4-27.fc41                        fedora
python3-jinja2.noarch                                3.1.6-1.fc41                         updates
python3-jmespath.noarch                              1.0.1-8.fc41                         fedora
python3-jsonschema.noarch                            4.19.1-6.fc41                        fedora
python3-jsonschema-specifications.noarch             2023.11.2-6.fc41                     fedora
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.58-3.fc41                          fedora
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.69-1.fc41                        updates
python3-libcomps.x86_64                              0.1.22-1.fc41                        updates
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                0.74.0-1.fc41                        updates
python3-libdnf5.x86_64                               5.2.16.0-1.fc41                      updates
python3-libmount.x86_64                              2.40.4-1.fc41                        updates
python3-librepo.x86_64                               1.20.0-1.fc41                        updates
python3-libreport.x86_64                             2.17.15-3.fc41                       fedora
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.13.7-1.fc41                        updates
python3-libselinux.x86_64                            3.7-5.fc41                           fedora
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                           3.7-2.fc41                           fedora
python3-libvirt.x86_64                               10.6.0-1.fc41                        fedora
python3-libxml2.x86_64                               2.12.10-1.fc41                       updates
python3-linux-procfs.noarch                          0.7.3-6.fc41                         fedora
python3-lxml.x86_64                                  5.3.2-1.fc41                         updates
python3-mako.noarch                                  1.2.3-8.fc41                         fedora
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                            2.1.5-3.fc41                         fedora
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.52-3.fc41                          fedora
python3-meh-gui.noarch                               0.52-3.fc41                          fedora
python3-moddb.noarch                                 0.12.0-1.fc41                        updates
python3-newt.x86_64                                  0.52.24-5.fc41                       fedora
python3-nftables.x86_64                              1:1.0.9-7.fc41                       fedora
python3-numexpr.x86_64                               2.8.5-7.fc41                         fedora
python3-numpy.x86_64                                 1:1.26.4-8.fc41                      fedora
python3-olefile.noarch                               0.47-5.fc41                          fedora
python3-openimageio.x86_64                           2.5.16.0-1.fc41                      fedora
python3-packaging.noarch                             24.2-3.fc41                          updates
python3-paramiko.noarch                              3.5.1-1.fc41                         updates
python3-paste.noarch                                 3.10.1-3.fc41                        fedora
python3-perf.x86_64                                  6.15.10-100.fc41                     updates
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.9.0-6.fc41                         fedora
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.2.3-23.fc41                        fedora
python3-pillow.x86_64                                11.0.0-1.fc41                        updates
python3-pip.noarch                                   24.2-1.fc41                          fedora
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.11-25.fc41                         fedora
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       3.7-8.fc41                           updates
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.45-3.fc41                          updates
python3-progressbar2.noarch                          3.53.2-13.fc41                       fedora
python3-protobuf.x86_64                              3.19.6-10.fc41                       fedora
python3-psutil.x86_64                                5.9.8-4.fc41                         fedora
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.7.0-9.fc41                         fedora
python3-pwquality.x86_64                             1.4.5-11.fc41                        fedora
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                             24.2.1-1.fc41                        fedora
python3-pyasn1.noarch                                0.6.0-3.fc41                         fedora
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.46.1-5.fc41                        fedora
python3-pycdio.x86_64                                2.1.0-16.fc41                        fedora
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.20-18.fc41                         fedora
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                7.45.3-4.fc41                        fedora
python3-pygit2.x86_64                                1.17.0-1.fc41                        updates
python3-pylibacl.x86_64                              0.6.0-9.fc41                         fedora
python3-pynacl.x86_64                                1.5.0-9.fc41                         fedora
python3-pyparsing.noarch                             3.1.2-7.fc41                         fedora
python3-pyparted.x86_64                              1:3.13.0-7.fc41                      fedora
python3-pypresence.noarch                            4.3.0-6.fc41                         fedora
python3-pyproj.x86_64                                3.7.0-1.fc41                         fedora
python3-pyserial.noarch                              3.5-10.fc41                          fedora
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.7.1-25.fc41                        fedora
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.24.3-3.fc41                        fedora
python3-pyxattr.x86_64                               0.7.2-14.fc41                        fedora
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.27-13.fc41                         fedora
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                6.0.1-18.fc41                        fedora
python3-rapidfuzz.x86_64                             3.5.2-8.fc41                         fedora
python3-referencing.noarch                           0.36.2-2.fc41                        updates
python3-regex.x86_64                                 2024.11.6-1.fc41                     updates
python3-requests.noarch                              2.32.4-1.fc41                        updates
python3-requests-file.noarch                         2.0.0-4.fc41                         fedora
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-35.fc41                        fedora
python3-resolvelib.noarch                            1.0.1-6.fc41                         fedora
python3-rpds-py.x86_64                               0.19.1-1.fc41                        fedora
python3-rpm.x86_64                                   4.20.1-1.fc41                        updates
python3-rpm-generators.noarch                        14-11.fc41                           fedora
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                            3.13-5.fc41                          updates
python3-rpmautospec.noarch                           0.8.1-11.fc41                        updates
python3-rpmautospec-core.noarch                      0.1.5-2.fc41                         fedora
python3-s3transfer.noarch                            0.13.1-1.fc41                        updates
python3-satyr.x86_64                                 0.43-4.fc41                          fedora
python3-scour.noarch                                 0.38.2-10.fc41                       fedora
python3-send2trash.noarch                            1.8.2-8.fc41                         fedora
python3-setools.x86_64                               4.5.1-6.fc41                         updates
python3-setuptools.noarch                            69.2.0-10.fc41                       updates
python3-shtab.noarch                                 1.7.1-3.fc41                         fedora
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                           1.0.4-15.fc41                        fedora
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.9.0-12.fc41                        fedora
python3-six.noarch                                   1.16.0-23.fc41                       fedora
python3-soupsieve.noarch                             2.7-1.fc41                           updates
python3-speechd.x86_64                               0.11.5-8.fc41                        fedora
python3-systemd.x86_64                               235-11.fc41                          fedora
python3-tempita.noarch                               0.5.2-14.fc41                        fedora
python3-termcolor.noarch                             2.3.0-7.fc41                         fedora
python3-texttable.noarch                             1.6.7-5.fc41                         fedora
python3-tinycss2.noarch                              1.3.0-3.fc41                         fedora
python3-tkinter.x86_64                               3.13.7-1.fc41                        updates
python3-typing-extensions.noarch                     4.12.2-3.fc41                        fedora
python3-unbound.x86_64                               1.23.1-1.fc41                        updates
python3-urlgrabber.noarch                            4.1.0-18.fc41                        fedora
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.26.20-1.fc41                       fedora
python3-urllib3+socks.noarch                         1.26.20-1.fc41                       fedora
python3-utils.noarch                                 3.7.0-6.fc41                         fedora
python3-webencodings.noarch                          0.5.1-26.fc41                        fedora
python3-websocket-client.noarch                      1.7.0-3.fc41                         fedora
python3-xkbregistry.x86_64                           0.3-3.fc41                           fedora
python3-zstandard.x86_64                             0.23.0-1.fc41                        fedora
qcom-wwan-firmware.noarch                            20250808-1.fc41                      updates
qemu.x86_64                                          2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                               2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-audio-dbus.x86_64                               2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-audio-jack.x86_64                               2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                                2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                                 2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-audio-pipewire.x86_64                           2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-audio-sdl.x86_64                                2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-audio-spice.x86_64                              2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-block-blkio.x86_64                              2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                               2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                                2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                            2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                              2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-block-nfs.x86_64                                2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-block-rbd.x86_64                                2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                                2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-char-baum.x86_64                                2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-char-spice.x86_64                               2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-common.x86_64                                   2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                       2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-device-display-vhost-user-gpu.x86_64            2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu.x86_64                2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-ccw.x86_64            2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-gl.x86_64             2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci.x86_64            2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-gl.x86_64         2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-rutabaga.x86_64   2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-rutabaga.x86_64       2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga.x86_64                2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-gl.x86_64             2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-rutabaga.x86_64       2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-device-usb-host.x86_64                          2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-device-usb-redirect.x86_64                      2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-device-usb-smartcard.x86_64                     2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-img.x86_64                                      2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                      2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-kvm-core.x86_64                                 2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-pr-helper.x86_64                                2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-aarch64.x86_64                           2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-aarch64-core.x86_64                      2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-alpha.x86_64                             2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-alpha-core.x86_64                        2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-arm.x86_64                               2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-arm-core.x86_64                          2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-avr.x86_64                               2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-avr-core.x86_64                          2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-cris.x86_64                              2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-cris-core.x86_64                         2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-loongarch64.x86_64                       2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-loongarch64-core.x86_64                  2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-m68k.x86_64                              2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-m68k-core.x86_64                         2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-microblaze.x86_64                        2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-microblaze-core.x86_64                   2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-mips.x86_64                              2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-mips-core.x86_64                         2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-or1k.x86_64                              2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-or1k-core.x86_64                         2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-ppc.x86_64                               2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-ppc-core.x86_64                          2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-riscv.x86_64                             2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-riscv-core.x86_64                        2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-rx.x86_64                                2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-rx-core.x86_64                           2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-s390x.x86_64                             2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-s390x-core.x86_64                        2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-sh4.x86_64                               2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-sh4-core.x86_64                          2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-sparc.x86_64                             2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-sparc-core.x86_64                        2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-tricore.x86_64                           2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-tricore-core.x86_64                      2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                               2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                          2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-xtensa.x86_64                            2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-system-xtensa-core.x86_64                       2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-tools.x86_64                                    2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                                2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-ui-egl-headless.x86_64                          2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                                   2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                                2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-ui-sdl.x86_64                                   2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-ui-spice-app.x86_64                             2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                            2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qemu-user.x86_64                                     2:9.1.3-2.fc41                       updates
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                     11.9.1-3.fc41                        updates
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                 4.1.1-8.fc41                         fedora
qt-settings.noarch                                   41.2-1.fc41                          fedora
qt5-filesystem.x86_64                                5.15.17-1.fc41                       updates
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                    5.15.17-1.fc41                       updates
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.15.17-1.fc41                       updates
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                5.15.17-1.fc41                       updates
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             5.15.17-1.fc41                       updates
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                     5.15.17-1.fc41                       updates
qt5-qttranslations.noarch                            5.15.17-1.fc41                       updates
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                 5.15.17-1.fc41                       updates
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                               5.15.17-1.fc41                       updates
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                               5.15.17-1.fc41                       updates
qt5ct.x86_64                                         1.1-31.fc41                          updates
qt6-filesystem.x86_64                                6.8.3-1.fc41                         updates
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                    6.8.3-2.fc41                         updates
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                             6.8.3-2.fc41                         updates
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                6.8.3-2.fc41                         updates
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             6.8.3-1.fc41                         updates
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                     6.8.3-1.fc41                         updates
qt6-qttranslations.noarch                            6.8.3-1.fc41                         updates
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                 6.8.3-1.fc41                         updates
qt6-srpm-macros.noarch                               6.8.3-1.fc41                         updates
qt6ct.x86_64                                         0.9-11.fc41                          updates
qtlockedfile-qt5.x86_64                              2.4-43.20150629git5a07df5.fc41       fedora
qtsingleapplication-qt5.x86_64                       2.6.1-50.fc41                        fedora
quota.x86_64                                         1:4.09-6.fc41                        fedora
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.09-6.fc41                        fedora
ranger.noarch                                        1.9.4-1.fc41                         updates
raptor2.x86_64                                       2.0.15-44.fc41                       fedora
rasqal.x86_64                                        0.9.33-29.fc41                       fedora
rav1e-libs.i686                                      0.7.1-8.fc41                         updates
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                    0.7.1-8.fc41                         updates
rdiff-backup.x86_64                                  2.2.6-7.fc41                         fedora
re2.x86_64                                           2:20250812-1.fc41                    updates
readline.i686                                        8.2-10.fc41                          fedora
readline.x86_64                                      8.2-10.fc41                          fedora
realmd.x86_64                                        0.17.1-13.fc41                       fedora
realtek-firmware.noarch                              20250808-1.fc41                      updates
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                             294-1.fc41                           updates
redland.x86_64                                       1.0.17-38.fc41                       fedora
rhash.x86_64                                         1.4.4-2.fc41                         <unknown>
ripgrep.x86_64                                       14.1.1-1.fc41                        updates
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                           1.6.2-1.fc41                         fedora
rit-rachana-fonts.noarch                             1.5.2-2.fc41                         updates
rocm-comgr.x86_64                                    18-10.rocm6.2.1.fc41                 updates
rocm-comgr-devel.x86_64                              18-10.rocm6.2.1.fc41                 updates
rocm-device-libs.x86_64                              18-10.rocm6.2.1.fc41                 updates
rocm-hip.x86_64                                      6.2.1-6.fc41                         updates
rocm-hip-devel.x86_64                                6.2.1-6.fc41                         updates
rocm-runtime.x86_64                                  6.2.1-2.fc41                         updates
rocm-runtime-devel.x86_64                            6.2.1-2.fc41                         updates
rocminfo.x86_64                                      6.2.1-1.fc41                         updates
rofi.x86_64                                          1.7.8-1.fc41                         updates
rofi-themes.noarch                                   1.7.8-1.fc41                         updates
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-37.fc41                          fedora
rpcbind.x86_64                                       1.2.8-0.fc41                         updates
rpm.x86_64                                           4.20.1-1.fc41                        updates
rpm-build.x86_64                                     4.20.1-1.fc41                        updates
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                4.20.1-1.fc41                        updates
rpm-libs.x86_64                                      4.20.1-1.fc41                        updates
rpm-mpi-hooks.noarch                                 8-10.fc41                            fedora
rpm-plugin-audit.x86_64                              4.20.1-1.fc41                        updates
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                            4.20.1-1.fc41                        updates
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                    4.20.1-1.fc41                        updates
rpm-sequoia.x86_64                                   1.7.0-5.fc41                         updates
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                 4.20.1-1.fc41                        updates
rpmdevtools.noarch                                   9.6-8.fc41                           fedora
rsms-inter-fonts.noarch                              4.1-1.fc41                           updates
rsvg-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            2.59.2-1.fc41                        updates
rsync.x86_64                                         3.4.1-1.fc41                         updates
rsyslog.x86_64                                       8.2312.0-5.fc41                      fedora
rtkit.x86_64                                         0.11-65.fc41                         updates
rubberband.x86_64                                    3.3.0-7.fc41                         fedora
rust.x86_64                                          1.89.0-2.fc41                        updates
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                              26.3-3.fc41                          fedora
rust-std-static.x86_64                               1.89.0-2.fc41                        updates
rutabaga-gfx-ffi.x86_64                              0.1.3-2.fc41                         fedora
sac.noarch                                           1.3-47.fc41                          fedora
samba-client.x86_64                                  2:4.21.7-1.fc41                      updates
samba-client-libs.x86_64                             2:4.21.7-1.fc41                      updates
samba-common.noarch                                  2:4.21.7-1.fc41                      updates
samba-common-libs.x86_64                             2:4.21.7-1.fc41                      updates
samba-common-tools.x86_64                            2:4.21.7-1.fc41                      updates
samba-dcerpc.x86_64                                  2:4.21.7-1.fc41                      updates
samba-ldb-ldap-modules.x86_64                        2:4.21.7-1.fc41                      updates
samba-libs.x86_64                                    2:4.21.7-1.fc41                      updates
samba-winbind.x86_64                                 2:4.21.7-1.fc41                      updates
samba-winbind-clients.x86_64                         2:4.21.7-1.fc41                      updates
samba-winbind-modules.x86_64                         2:4.21.7-1.fc41                      updates
sane-airscan.x86_64                                  0.99.36-1.fc41                       updates
sane-backends.x86_64                                 1.4.0-2.fc41                         updates
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.i686                   1.4.0-2.fc41                         updates
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                 1.4.0-2.fc41                         updates
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.i686                  1.4.0-2.fc41                         updates
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                1.4.0-2.fc41                         updates
sane-backends-libs.i686                              1.4.0-2.fc41                         updates
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                            1.4.0-2.fc41                         updates
satyr.x86_64                                         0.43-4.fc41                          fedora
scrcpy.x86_64                                        3.3.1-3.fc41                         copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:zeno:scrcpy
screen.x86_64                                        5.0.1-4.fc41                         updates
scrot.x86_64                                         1.12.1-1.fc41                        updates
scrub.x86_64                                         2.6.1-9.fc41                         fedora
sdbus-cpp.x86_64                                     1.5.0-3.fc41                         fedora
sdl12-compat.i686                                    1.2.68-3.fc41                        fedora
sdl12-compat.x86_64                                  1.2.68-3.fc41                        fedora
seabios-bin.noarch                                   1.17.0-4.fc41                        updates
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                1.17.0-4.fc41                        updates
sed.x86_64                                           4.9-3.fc41                           fedora
selinux-policy.noarch                                41.46-1.fc41                         updates
selinux-policy-devel.noarch                          41.46-1.fc41                         updates
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       41.46-1.fc41                         updates
serd.x86_64                                          0.32.4-1.fc41                        updates
setroubleshoot.x86_64                                3.3.35-4.fc41                        updates
setroubleshoot-plugins.noarch                        3.3.15-1.fc41                        updates
setroubleshoot-server.x86_64                         3.3.35-4.fc41                        updates
setup.noarch                                         2.15.0-8.fc41                        updates
setxkbmap.x86_64                                     1.3.4-4.fc41                         fedora
shadow-utils.x86_64                                  2:4.15.1-12.fc41                     fedora
shared-mime-info.x86_64                              2.3-6.fc41                           fedora
shfmt.x86_64                                         3.7.0-5.fc41                         fedora
shim-ia32.x86_64                                     15.8-3                               anaconda
shim-x64.x86_64                                      15.8-3                               anaconda
shutter.noarch                                       0.99.6-1.fc41                        updates
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                             1.100-7.fc41                         fedora
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.200-11.fc41                        fedora
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-15.fc41                        fedora
slang.x86_64                                         2.3.3-6.fc41                         fedora
slop.x86_64                                          7.6-14.fc41                          fedora
smartmontools.x86_64                                 1:7.5-2.fc41                         updates
smartmontools-selinux.noarch                         1:7.5-2.fc41                         updates
snap-confine.x86_64                                  2.70-1.fc41                          updates
snapd.x86_64                                         2.70-1.fc41                          updates
snapd-selinux.noarch                                 2.70-1.fc41                          updates
snappy.x86_64                                        1.2.1-2.fc41                         fedora
sombok.x86_64                                        2.4.0-22.fc41                        fedora
sord.x86_64                                          0.16.18-1.fc41                       updates
sos.noarch                                           4.9.1-1.fc41                         updates
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-22.fc41                          fedora
soundtouch.x86_64                                    2.3.3-1.fc41                         fedora
source-highlight.x86_64                              3.1.9-23.fc41                        fedora
soxr.x86_64                                          0.1.3-16.fc41                        fedora
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                             0.11.5-8.fc41                        fedora
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                   0.11.5-8.fc41                        fedora
speech-dispatcher-libs.x86_64                        0.11.5-8.fc41                        fedora
speech-dispatcher-utils.x86_64                       0.11.5-8.fc41                        fedora
speex.i686                                           1.2.0-18.fc41                        fedora
speex.x86_64                                         1.2.0-18.fc41                        fedora
speexdsp.x86_64                                      1.2.1-7.fc41                         fedora
spice-glib.x86_64                                    0.42-5.fc41                          fedora
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                    0.42-5.fc41                          fedora
spice-server.x86_64                                  0.15.1-6.fc41                        fedora
spirv-tools-libs.i686                                2025.1-1.fc41                        updates
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                              2025.1-1.fc41                        updates
sqlite.x86_64                                        3.46.1-3.fc41                        updates
sqlite-libs.i686                                     3.46.1-3.fc41                        updates
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                   3.46.1-3.fc41                        updates
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                4.6.1-5.fc41                         fedora
sratom.x86_64                                        0.6.16-2.fc41                        fedora
srt-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.4-1.fc41                         updates
sssd-client.x86_64                                   2.11.1-1.fc41                        updates
sssd-common.x86_64                                   2.11.1-1.fc41                        updates
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                      2.11.1-1.fc41                        updates
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                              2.11.1-1.fc41                        updates
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                2.11.1-1.fc41                        updates
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                    2.11.1-1.fc41                        updates
startup-notification.x86_64                          0.12-30.fc41                         fedora
stix-fonts.noarch                                    2.13b171-7.fc41                      fedora
stow.noarch                                          2.4.1-1.fc41                         updates
strace.x86_64                                        6.16-1.fc41                          updates
subversion.x86_64                                    1.14.5-1.fc41                        updates
subversion-libs.x86_64                               1.14.5-1.fc41                        updates
sudo.x86_64                                          1.9.17-2.p1.fc41                     updates
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                            1.9.17-2.p1.fc41                     updates
suitesparse.x86_64                                   7.7.0-2.fc41                         fedora
svt-av1-libs.i686                                    2.3.0-1.fc41                         updates
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                  2.3.0-1.fc41                         updates
swtpm.x86_64                                         0.9.0-8.fc41                         updates
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                    0.9.0-8.fc41                         updates
swtpm-selinux.noarch                                 0.9.0-8.fc41                         updates
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                   0.9.0-8.fc41                         updates
symlinks.x86_64                                      1.7-11.fc41                          fedora
syslinux.x86_64                                      6.04-0.29.fc41                       fedora
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                             6.04-0.29.fc41                       fedora
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                    6.04-0.29.fc41                       fedora
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                             6.04-0.29.fc41                       fedora
system-config-language.noarch                        3.5.0-16.fc41                        updates
system-config-printer.x86_64                         1.5.18-11.fc41                       fedora
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                    1.5.18-11.fc41                       fedora
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                    1.5.18-11.fc41                       fedora
systemd.x86_64                                       256.17-1.fc41                        updates
systemd-container.x86_64                             256.17-1.fc41                        updates
systemd-libs.i686                                    256.17-1.fc41                        updates
systemd-libs.x86_64                                  256.17-1.fc41                        updates
systemd-networkd.x86_64                              256.17-1.fc41                        updates
systemd-pam.x86_64                                   256.17-1.fc41                        updates
systemd-resolved.x86_64                              256.17-1.fc41                        updates
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                            256.17-1.fc41                        updates
systemd-udev.x86_64                                  256.17-1.fc41                        updates
systemtap.x86_64                                     5.2-1.fc41                           updates
systemtap-client.x86_64                              5.2-1.fc41                           updates
systemtap-devel.x86_64                               5.2-1.fc41                           updates
systemtap-runtime.x86_64                             5.2-1.fc41                           updates
taglib.i686                                          1.13.1-1.fc41                        updates
taglib.x86_64                                        1.13.1-1.fc41                        updates
tango-icon-theme.noarch                              0.8.90-29.fc41                       fedora
tar.x86_64                                           2:1.35-4.fc41                        fedora
tbb.x86_64                                           2021.13.0-2.fc41                     fedora
tbb2020.3.x86_64                                     2020.3-5.fc41                        fedora
tcl.x86_64                                           1:8.6.14-5.fc41                      updates
tcpdump.x86_64                                       14:4.99.5-2.fc41                     updates
tcsh.x86_64                                          6.24.13-1.fc41                       fedora
teamd.x86_64                                         1.32-9.fc41                          fedora
teckit.x86_64                                        2.5.12-3.fc41                        fedora
tecla.x86_64                                         45.0-3.fc41                          fedora
tesseract.x86_64                                     5.4.1-5.fc41                         fedora
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                        4.1.0-8.fc41                         fedora
tesseract-libs.x86_64                                5.4.1-5.fc41                         fedora
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                        4.1.0-8.fc41                         fedora
testdisk.x86_64                                      7.2-2.fc41                           fedora
texlive.noarch                                       11:2023-73.fc41                      fedora
texlive-ae.noarch                                    11:svn15878.1.4-73.fc41              fedora
texlive-algorithms.noarch                            11:svn42428-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-alphalph.noarch                              11:svn53087-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-amscls.noarch                                11:svn55378-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                              11:svn61937-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-amsmath.noarch                               11:svn63514-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-anysize.noarch                               11:svn15878.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-atbegshi.noarch                              11:svn53051-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-attachfile.noarch                            11:svn42099-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-attachfile2.noarch                           11:svn57959-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-atveryend.noarch                             11:svn53108-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-auto-pst-pdf.noarch                          11:svn56596-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-auxhook.noarch                               11:svn53173-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-avantgar.noarch                              11:svn61983-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-babel.noarch                                 11:svn65823-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-babel-english.noarch                         11:svn44495-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-babelbib.noarch                              11:svn57349-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-base.x86_64                                  11:20230311-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-beamer.noarch                                11:svn65984-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-bera.noarch                                  11:svn20031.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-beton.noarch                                 11:svn15878.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-biblatex.noarch                              11:svn66403-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-bibtex.x86_64                                11:svn66186-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-bidi.noarch                                  11:svn65572-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-bigintcalc.noarch                            11:svn53172-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-bitset.noarch                                11:svn53837-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-bookman.noarch                               11:svn61719-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-bookmark.noarch                              11:svn56885-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-booktabs.noarch                              11:svn53402-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-breakurl.noarch                              11:svn29901.1.40-73.fc41             fedora
texlive-breqn.noarch                                 11:svn60881-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-caption.noarch                               11:svn66580-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-carlisle.noarch                              11:svn59577-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-catchfile.noarch                             11:svn53084-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-changepage.noarch                            11:svn15878.1.0c-73.fc41             fedora
texlive-charter.noarch                               11:svn15878.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-cite.noarch                                  11:svn36428.5.5-73.fc41              fedora
texlive-cm.noarch                                    11:svn57963-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-cm-super.noarch                              11:svn15878.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-cmap.noarch                                  11:svn57640-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-collection-basic.noarch                      11:svn59159-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-collection-latex.noarch                      11:svn63515-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-collection-latexrecommended.noarch           11:svn65512-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-colorprofiles.noarch                         11:svn49086-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-colortbl.noarch                              11:svn64015-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-courier.noarch                               11:svn61719-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-crop.noarch                                  11:svn55424-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-csquotes.noarch                              11:svn64389-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-ctable.noarch                                11:svn38672-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-ctablestack.noarch                           11:svn38514-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-currfile.noarch                              11:svn64673-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-dehyph.noarch                                11:svn48599-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-dvipdfmx.x86_64                              11:svn66203-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-dvips.x86_64                                 11:svn66203-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-ec.noarch                                    11:svn25033.1.0-73.fc41              fedora
texlive-enctex.noarch                                11:svn34957.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-enumitem.noarch                              11:svn51423-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-epstopdf.noarch                              11:svn66461-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-epstopdf-pkg.noarch                          11:svn53546-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                               11:svn56658-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-etex.noarch                                  11:svn66203-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                              11:svn41784-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-etexcmds.noarch                              11:svn53171-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                              11:svn56554-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-euenc.noarch                                 11:svn19795.0.1h-73.fc41             fedora
texlive-euler.noarch                                 11:svn42428-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-everysel.noarch                              11:svn57489-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-everyshi.noarch                              11:svn57001-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-extsizes.noarch                              11:svn17263.1.4a-73.fc41             fedora
texlive-fancybox.noarch                              11:svn18304.1.4-73.fc41              fedora
texlive-fancyhdr.noarch                              11:svn64977-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-fancyref.noarch                              11:svn15878.0.9c-73.fc41             fedora
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                              11:svn65585-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-filecontents.noarch                          11:svn52142-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-filehook.noarch                              11:svn64822-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-finstrut.noarch                              11:svn21719.0.5-73.fc41              fedora
texlive-firstaid.noarch                              11:svn64892-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-fix2col.noarch                               11:svn38770-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-float.noarch                                 11:svn15878.1.3d-73.fc41             fedora
texlive-fontspec.noarch                              11:svn63386-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-footmisc.noarch                              11:svn62524-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-footnotehyper.noarch                         11:svn60374-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-fp.noarch                                    11:svn49719-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-fpl.noarch                                   11:svn54512-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-geometry.noarch                              11:svn61719-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-gettitlestring.noarch                        11:svn53170-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-glyphlist.noarch                             11:svn54074-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-graphics.noarch                              11:svn66204-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                          11:svn41448-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                          11:svn64487-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-grfext.noarch                                11:svn53024-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-grffile.noarch                               11:svn52756-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-gsftopk.x86_64                               11:svn52851-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-helvetic.noarch                              11:svn61719-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-hobsub.noarch                                11:svn52810-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-hologo.noarch                                11:svn61719-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-hopatch.noarch                               11:svn65491-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-hycolor.noarch                               11:svn53584-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-hypdoc.noarch                                11:svn65678-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-hyperref.noarch                              11:svn65758-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                             11:svn61719-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                           11:svn66413-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-hyphenex.noarch                              11:svn57387-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-ifmtarg.noarch                               11:svn47544-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-ifplatform.noarch                            11:svn45533-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-iftex.noarch                                 11:svn61910-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-index.noarch                                 11:svn24099.4.1beta-73.fc41          fedora
texlive-infwarerr.noarch                             11:svn53023-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-intcalc.noarch                               11:svn53168-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-jknapltx.noarch                              11:svn19440.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-kastrup.noarch                               11:svn15878.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                             11:svn57963-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-knuth-local.noarch                           11:svn57963-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-koma-script.noarch                           11:svn64685-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                              11:svn66209-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-kvdefinekeys.noarch                          11:svn53193-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-kvoptions.noarch                             11:svn63622-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-kvsetkeys.noarch                             11:svn64632-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-l3backend.noarch                             11:svn65573-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-l3experimental.noarch                        11:svn65621-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                              11:svn66094-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-l3packages.noarch                            11:svn65722-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-latex.noarch                                 11:svn65161-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                           11:svn28888.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-latex-lab.noarch                             11:svn64892-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-latexbug.noarch                              11:svn63596-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                           11:svn53525-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-letltxmacro.noarch                           11:svn53022-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-lib.x86_64                                   11:20230311-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-lineno.noarch                                11:svn65586-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-listings.noarch                              11:svn66222-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-lm.noarch                                    11:svn65956-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-lm-math.noarch                               11:svn36915.1.959-73.fc41            fedora
texlive-logreq.noarch                                11:svn53003-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-ltabptch.noarch                              11:svn17533.1.74d-73.fc41            fedora
texlive-ltxcmds.noarch                               11:svn56421-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-ltxmisc.noarch                               11:svn21927.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                        11:svn56414-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-lua-uni-algos.noarch                         11:svn62204-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-luabidi.noarch                               11:svn54512-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-luahbtex.x86_64                              11:svn66186-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-lualatex-math.noarch                         11:svn61464-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-lualibs.noarch                               11:svn64615-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                            11:svn64616-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-luatex.x86_64                                11:svn66967-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                            11:svn52663-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-lwarp.noarch                                 11:svn66259-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-makecmds.noarch                              11:svn15878.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-makeindex.x86_64                             11:svn62517-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-marginnote.noarch                            11:svn48383-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-marvosym.noarch                              11:svn29349.2.2a-73.fc41             fedora
texlive-mathpazo.noarch                              11:svn52663-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-mathspec.noarch                              11:svn42773-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-mathtools.noarch                             11:svn63767-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-mdwtools.noarch                              11:svn15878.1.05.4-73.fc41           fedora
texlive-memoir.noarch                                11:svn65040-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-metafont.x86_64                              11:svn66186-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-metalogo.noarch                              11:svn18611.0.12-73.fc41             fedora
texlive-mflogo.noarch                                11:svn42428-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-mfnfss.noarch                                11:svn46036-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-mfware.x86_64                                11:svn66186-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-microtype.noarch                             11:svn66587-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-minitoc.noarch                               11:svn61719-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-mnsymbol.noarch                              11:svn18651.1.4-73.fc41              fedora
texlive-modes.noarch                                 11:svn61719-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-mparhack.noarch                              11:svn59066-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-mptopdf.noarch                               11:svn65952-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-ms.noarch                                    11:svn57473-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-multido.noarch                               11:svn18302.1.42-73.fc41             fedora
texlive-natbib.noarch                                11:svn20668.8.31b-73.fc41            fedora
texlive-newfloat.noarch                              11:svn52906-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-notoccite.noarch                             11:svn18129.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-ntgclass.noarch                              11:svn65522-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-oberdiek.noarch                              11:svn65521-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pagesel.noarch                               11:svn56105-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-palatino.noarch                              11:svn61719-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-paralist.noarch                              11:svn43021-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-parallel.noarch                              11:svn15878.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-parskip.noarch                               11:svn58358-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pdfcol.noarch                                11:svn64469-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pdfcolfoot.noarch                            11:svn65512-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pdfcolmk.noarch                              11:svn52912-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pdfescape.noarch                             11:svn53082-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pdflscape.noarch                             11:svn64851-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pdfmanagement-testphase.noarch               11:svn66532-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pdfpages.noarch                              11:svn65319-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                                11:svn66243-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pdftexcmds.noarch                            11:svn55777-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pgf.noarch                                   11:svn65553-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-picture.noarch                               11:svn54867-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-placeins.noarch                              11:svn19848.2.2-73.fc41              fedora
texlive-plain.noarch                                 11:svn57963-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-polyglossia.noarch                           11:svn65792-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-psfrag.noarch                                11:svn15878.3.04-73.fc41             fedora
texlive-pslatex.noarch                               11:svn57434-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-psnfss.noarch                                11:svn54694-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pspicture.noarch                             11:svn15878.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                                11:svn17257.1.10-73.fc41             fedora
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                              11:svn62977-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                               11:svn15878.1.0-73.fc41              fedora
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                              11:svn60671-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                              11:svn15878.1.06-73.fc41             fedora
texlive-pst-math.noarch                              11:svn64732-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pst-node.noarch                              11:svn61838-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pst-ovl.noarch                               11:svn54963-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                              11:svn65346-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pst-text.noarch                              11:svn49542-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pst-tools.noarch                             11:svn60621-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                              11:svn60421-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pstricks.noarch                              11:svn65346-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                          11:svn65067-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-ragged2e.noarch                              11:svn66152-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-rcs.noarch                                   11:svn15878.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-realscripts.noarch                           11:svn56594-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-refcount.noarch                              11:svn53164-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-rerunfilecheck.noarch                        11:svn63869-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-rsfs.noarch                                  11:svn15878.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-sansmath.noarch                              11:svn17997.1.1-73.fc41              fedora
texlive-sansmathaccent.noarch                        11:svn53628-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-sauerj.noarch                                11:svn15878.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-scheme-basic.noarch                          11:svn54191-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-section.noarch                               11:svn20180.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-seminar.noarch                               11:svn59801-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-sepnum.noarch                                11:svn20186.2.0-73.fc41              fedora
texlive-setspace.noarch                              11:svn65206-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-showexpl.noarch                              11:svn57414-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-stringenc.noarch                             11:svn52982-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-subfig.noarch                                11:svn15878.1.3-73.fc41              fedora
texlive-symbol.noarch                                11:svn61719-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-tex.x86_64                                   11:svn66186-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                         11:svn40533-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-texlive-common-doc.noarch                    11:svn54176-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-texlive-en.noarch                            11:svn66572-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-texlive-msg-translations.noarch              11:svn66593-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                       11:svn66584-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                         11:svn66512-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-textcase.noarch                              11:svn63868-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-thumbpdf.noarch                              11:svn62518-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-times.noarch                                 11:svn61719-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-tipa.noarch                                  11:svn29349.1.3-73.fc41              fedora
texlive-titlesec.noarch                              11:svn59845-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-tools.noarch                                 11:svn64892-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-translator.noarch                            11:svn59412-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-transparent.noarch                           11:svn64852-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-typehtml.noarch                              11:svn17134.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-ucharcat.noarch                              11:svn38907-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-ucs.noarch                                   11:svn64114-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-underscore.noarch                            11:svn18261.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                          11:svn64423-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-unicode-math.noarch                          11:svn61719-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-uniquecounter.noarch                         11:svn53162-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-url.noarch                                   11:svn32528.3.4-73.fc41              fedora
texlive-utopia.noarch                                11:svn15878.0-73.fc41                fedora
texlive-varwidth.noarch                              11:svn24104.0.92-73.fc41             fedora
texlive-xcolor.noarch                                11:svn63563-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-xdvi.x86_64                                  11:svn62387-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-xetex.x86_64                                 11:svn66203-85.fc41                  fedora
texlive-xetexconfig.noarch                           11:svn45845-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-xifthen.noarch                               11:svn38929-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                               11:svn63616-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-xltxtra.noarch                               11:svn56594-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-xpatch.noarch                                11:svn54563-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-xstring.noarch                               11:svn65551-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-xunicode.noarch                              11:svn30466.0.981-73.fc41            fedora
texlive-zapfding.noarch                              11:svn61719-73.fc41                  fedora
texlive-zref.noarch                                  11:svn62977-73.fc41                  fedora
thrift.x86_64                                        0.20.0-3.fc41                        fedora
thunar-volman.x86_64                                 4.18.0-5.fc41                        fedora
tigervnc-license.noarch                              1.15.0-6.fc41                        updates
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                       1.15.0-6.fc41                        updates
time.x86_64                                          1.9-24.fc41                          fedora
tini-static.x86_64                                   0.19.0-9.fc41                        fedora
tiwilink-firmware.noarch                             20250808-1.fc41                      updates
tix.x86_64                                           1:8.4.3-41.fc41                      fedora
tk.x86_64                                            1:8.6.14-2.fc41                      fedora
tldr.noarch                                          3.4.0-1.fc41                         updates
tlp.noarch                                           1.6.1-1.fc41                         fedora
tlp-rdw.noarch                                       1.6.1-1.fc41                         fedora
tmux.x86_64                                          3.5a-2.fc41                          fedora
toilet.x86_64                                        0.3-17.fc41                          fedora
torque-libs.x86_64                                   6.1.3-13.fc41                        updates
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                               3.26.6-10.fc41                       fedora
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                    5.7-2.fc41                           fedora
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                      4.1.3-3.fc41                         fedora
tpm2-tss-fapi.x86_64                                 4.1.3-3.fc41                         fedora
traceroute.x86_64                                    3:2.1.6-1.fc41                       fedora
tracker.x86_64                                       3.7.3-3.fc41                         fedora
tracker-miners.x86_64                                3.7.4-2.fc41                         updates
transmission.x86_64                                  4.0.6-2.fc41                         fedora
transmission-common.x86_64                           4.0.6-2.fc41                         fedora
transmission-gtk.x86_64                              4.0.6-2.fc41                         fedora
trash-cli.noarch                                     0.22.10.20-7.fc41                    fedora
tree.x86_64                                          2.1.0-6.fc41                         fedora
tree-sitter-cli.x86_64                               0.23.2-1.fc41                        updates
tslib.x86_64                                         1.22-11.fc41                         fedora
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                      3.0.9-71.fc41                        fedora
tumbler.x86_64                                       4.18.2-3.fc41                        fedora
tuned.noarch                                         2.25.1-2.fc41                        updates
twolame-libs.i686                                    0.4.0-5.fc41                         fedora
twolame-libs.x86_64                                  0.4.0-5.fc41                         fedora
tzdata.noarch                                        2025b-1.fc41                         updates
tzdata-java.noarch                                   2025b-1.fc41                         updates
uchardet.x86_64                                      0.0.8-6.fc41                         fedora
ucx.x86_64                                           1.17.0-3.fc41                        updates
udftools.x86_64                                      2.3-9.fc41                           fedora
udisks2.x86_64                                       2.10.1-7.fc41                        updates
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                 2.10.1-7.fc41                        updates
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                1.23.1-1.fc41                        updates
unbound-libs.x86_64                                  1.23.1-1.fc41                        updates
unibilium.x86_64                                     2.1.1-8.fc41                         fedora
unicode-ucd.noarch                                   16.0.0-1.fc41                        fedora
unityhub.x86_64                                      3.14.0~beta.2-1                      unityhub-beta
unixODBC.i686                                        2.3.12-5.fc41                        fedora
unixODBC.x86_64                                      2.3.12-5.fc41                        fedora
unrar.x86_64                                         0.3.1-1.fc41                         fedora
unrar-free.x86_64                                    0.3.1-1.fc41                         fedora
unzip.x86_64                                         6.0-64.fc41                          fedora
upower.x86_64                                        1.90.9-4.fc41                        updates
upower-libs.x86_64                                   1.90.9-4.fc41                        updates
uriparser.x86_64                                     0.9.8-3.fc41                         updates
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-23.fc41                     fedora
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20200910-23.fc41                     fedora
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20200910-23.fc41                     fedora
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20200910-23.fc41                     fedora
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20200910-23.fc41                     fedora
urw-base35-fonts-legacy.noarch                       20200910-23.fc41                     fedora
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20200910-23.fc41                     fedora
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-23.fc41                     fedora
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20200910-23.fc41                     fedora
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20200910-23.fc41                     fedora
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20200910-23.fc41                     fedora
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20200910-23.fc41                     fedora
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20200910-23.fc41                     fedora
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                2.6.2-2.fc41                         updates
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20191128-12.fc41                     fedora
usbmuxd.x86_64                                       1.1.1^20230720git61b99ab-3.fc41      fedora
usbredir.x86_64                                      0.15.0-1.fc41                        updates
usbutils.x86_64                                      017-3.fc41                           fedora
usd-libs.x86_64                                      24.08-21.fc41                        updates
usermode.x86_64                                      1.114-10.fc41                        fedora
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                 0.14.0-5.fc41                        fedora
utf8proc.x86_64                                      2.7.0-8.fc41                         fedora
util-linux.x86_64                                    2.40.4-1.fc41                        updates
util-linux-core.x86_64                               2.40.4-1.fc41                        updates
uuid.x86_64                                          1.6.2-64.fc41                        fedora
valgrind.x86_64                                      1:3.25.1-1.fc41                      <unknown>
valgrind-docs.x86_64                                 1:3.25.1-1.fc41                      <unknown>
valgrind-gdb.x86_64                                  1:3.25.1-1.fc41                      <unknown>
valgrind-scripts.x86_64                              1:3.25.1-1.fc41                      <unknown>
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                               2.10-1.fc41                          fedora
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                              68-7.fc41                            updates
vazirmatn-vf-fonts.noarch                            33.003-8.fc41                        fedora
vid.stab.x86_64                                      1.1.1-3.fc41                         fedora
vim-common.x86_64                                    2:9.1.1623-1.fc41                    updates
vim-data.noarch                                      2:9.1.1623-1.fc41                    updates
vim-default-editor.noarch                            2:9.1.1623-1.fc41                    updates
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                  2:9.1.1623-1.fc41                    updates
vim-filesystem.noarch                                2:9.1.1623-1.fc41                    updates
vim-minimal.x86_64                                   2:9.1.1623-1.fc41                    updates
virglrenderer.x86_64                                 1.0.1-3.fc41                         fedora
virt-install.noarch                                  5.0.0-1.fc41                         updates
virt-manager.noarch                                  5.0.0-1.fc41                         updates
virt-manager-common.noarch                           5.0.0-1.fc41                         updates
virt-viewer.x86_64                                   11.0-15.fc41                         updates
virt-what.x86_64                                     1.27-1.fc41                          fedora
virtiofsd.x86_64                                     1.13.2-1.fc41                        updates
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                   0.1.3-21.fc41                        fedora
volume_key-libs.x86_64                               0.3.12-23.fc41                       fedora
volumeicon.x86_64                                    0.5.1-16.20230208gitb034dd1.fc41     fedora
vte-profile.x86_64                                   0.78.4-1.fc41                        updates
vte291.x86_64                                        0.78.4-1.fc41                        updates
vulkan-loader.i686                                   1.4.309.0-1.fc41                     updates
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                 1.4.309.0-1.fc41                     updates
vulkan-tools.x86_64                                  1.4.309.0-1.fc41                     updates
w3m.x86_64                                           0.5.3-64.git20230121.fc41            fedora
w3m-img.x86_64                                       0.5.3-64.git20230121.fc41            fedora
wavpack.i686                                         5.7.0-3.fc41                         fedora
wavpack.x86_64                                       5.7.0-3.fc41                         fedora
webkit2gtk4.0.x86_64                                 2.46.5-1.fc41                        updates
webkit2gtk4.1.x86_64                                 2.48.5-1.fc41                        updates
webp-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            0.2.7-2.fc41                         fedora
webrtc-audio-processing.i686                         1.3-3.fc41                           fedora
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                       1.3-3.fc41                           fedora
webrtc-audio-processing0.3.x86_64                    0.3.1-13.fc41                        fedora
wget2.x86_64                                         2.2.0-3.fc41                         updates
wget2-libs.x86_64                                    2.2.0-3.fc41                         updates
wget2-wget.x86_64                                    2.2.0-3.fc41                         updates
which.x86_64                                         2.21-42.fc41                         fedora
whois.x86_64                                         5.6.4-1.fc41                         updates
whois-nls.noarch                                     5.6.4-1.fc41                         updates
wine.x86_64                                          10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-alsa.i686                                       10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-alsa.x86_64                                     10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-arial-fonts.noarch                              10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-cms.i686                                        10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-cms.x86_64                                      10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-common.noarch                                   10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-core.i686                                       10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-core.x86_64                                     10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-courier-fonts.noarch                            10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-desktop.noarch                                  10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-dxvk.i686                                       2.6.2-1.fc41                         updates
wine-dxvk.x86_64                                     2.6.2-1.fc41                         updates
wine-dxvk-d3d10.i686                                 2.6.2-1.fc41                         updates
wine-dxvk-d3d10.x86_64                               2.6.2-1.fc41                         updates
wine-dxvk-d3d8.i686                                  2.6.2-1.fc41                         updates
wine-dxvk-d3d8.x86_64                                2.6.2-1.fc41                         updates
wine-dxvk-d3d9.i686                                  2.6.2-1.fc41                         updates
wine-dxvk-d3d9.x86_64                                2.6.2-1.fc41                         updates
wine-dxvk-dxgi.i686                                  2.6.2-1.fc41                         updates
wine-dxvk-dxgi.x86_64                                2.6.2-1.fc41                         updates
wine-filesystem.noarch                               10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-fixedsys-fonts.noarch                           10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-fonts.noarch                                    10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-ldap.i686                                       10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-ldap.x86_64                                     10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-marlett-fonts.noarch                            10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-mono.noarch                                     10.1.0-1.fc41                        updates
wine-ms-sans-serif-fonts.noarch                      10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-opencl.i686                                     10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-opencl.x86_64                                   10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-pulseaudio.i686                                 10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-pulseaudio.x86_64                               10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-small-fonts.noarch                              10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-smartcard.i686                                  10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-smartcard.x86_64                                10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-symbol-fonts.noarch                             10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-system-fonts.noarch                             10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-systemd.noarch                                  10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-tahoma-fonts.noarch                             10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-times-new-roman-fonts.noarch                    10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-twain.i686                                      10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-twain.x86_64                                    10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-webdings-fonts.noarch                           10.13-1.fc41                         updates
wine-wingdings-fonts.noarch                          10.13-1.fc41                         updates
winetricks.noarch                                    20250102-1.fc41                      updates
wireless-regdb.noarch                                2024.01.23-2.fc41                    fedora
wireplumber.x86_64                                   0.5.10-1.fc41                        updates
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                              0.5.10-1.fc41                        updates
wl-clipboard.x86_64                                  2.2.1-3.fc41                         fedora
wlroots.x86_64                                       0.18.2-4.fc41                        updates
woff2.x86_64                                         1.0.2-20.fc41                        fedora
words.noarch                                         3.0-46.fc41                          fedora
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                1:2.11-3.fc41                        fedora
wsdd.noarch                                          0.8-2.fc41                           fedora
wslay.x86_64                                         1.1.1-4.fc41                         fedora
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                              1.4.26-1.fc41                        fedora
xbacklight.x86_64                                    1.2.4-1.fc41                         updates
xcb-imdkit.x86_64                                    1.0.9-2.fc41                         fedora
xcb-util.x86_64                                      0.4.1-6.fc41                         fedora
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                               0.1.5-1.fc41                         updates
xcb-util-errors.x86_64                               1.0.1-4.fc41                         fedora
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                0.4.1-6.fc41                         fedora
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                              0.4.1-6.fc41                         fedora
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                           0.3.10-6.fc41                        fedora
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                   0.4.2-6.fc41                         fedora
xcb-util-xrm.x86_64                                  1.3-14.fc41                          fedora
xclip.x86_64                                         0.13-22.git11cba61.fc41              fedora
xdelta.x86_64                                        3.1.0-19.fc41                        fedora
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                0.1.6-1.fc41                         fedora
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                            1.20.3-1.fc41                        updates
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                        1.15.3-1.fc41                        updates
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                 0.18-9.fc41                          updates
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.2.1-2.fc41                         fedora
xdpyinfo.x86_64                                      1.3.3-6.fc41                         fedora
xdriinfo.x86_64                                      1.0.7-3.fc41                         fedora
xen-libs.x86_64                                      4.19.3-1.fc41                        updates
xen-licenses.x86_64                                  4.19.3-1.fc41                        updates
xerces-c.x86_64                                      3.2.5-5.fc41                         fedora
xfce-polkit.x86_64                                   0.3-13.fc41                          fedora
xfce4-panel.x86_64                                   4.18.6-2.fc41                        fedora
xfce4-settings.x86_64                                4.18.6-2.fc41                        fedora
xfce4-terminal.x86_64                                1.1.4-1.fc41                         updates
xfconf.x86_64                                        4.18.3-3.fc41                        fedora
xfsprogs.x86_64                                      6.9.0-1.fc41                         fedora
xhost.x86_64                                         1.0.9-8.fc41                         fedora
xisxwayland.x86_64                                   2-5.fc41                             fedora
xkbcomp.x86_64                                       1.4.7-2.fc41                         fedora
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.42-2.fc41                          fedora
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-65.fc41                        fedora
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                      1.59.03-2.fc41                       fedora
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                               1.59.03-2.fc41                       fedora
xmlsec1.x86_64                                       1:1.2.39-4.fc41                      fedora
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                   1:1.2.39-4.fc41                      fedora
xmodmap.x86_64                                       1.0.11-7.fc41                        fedora
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                           23.0.0-6.fc41                        fedora
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                              22.0.0-3.fc41                        fedora
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                            2.10.6-16.fc41                       fedora
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                            2.99.917^20240506gitce811e7-62.fc41  fedora
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                         1.4.0-3.fc41                         fedora
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                          1:1.0.17-11.fc41                     fedora
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                       0.6.604^20230328git857d892-1.fc41    fedora
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                              0.1.6-6.fc41                         fedora
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                           13.4.0-7.fc41                        fedora
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                            1.2.3-1.fc41                         updates
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64             1.2.3-1.fc41                         updates
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                          7.5-39.fc41                          fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch                           7.5-39.fc41                          fedora
xorg-x11-server-Xephyr.x86_64                        21.1.18-1.fc41                       updates
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                          21.1.18-1.fc41                       updates
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                      24.1.8-1.fc41                        updates
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                        21.1.18-1.fc41                       updates
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                1:1.1.3-2.fc41                       fedora
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                1.4.3-1.fc41                         updates
xorriso.x86_64                                       1.5.6-6.fc41                         fedora
xpdf-libs.x86_64                                     1:4.05-5.fc41                        fedora
xprop.x86_64                                         1.2.7-2.fc41                         fedora
xrandr.x86_64                                        1.5.2-6.fc41                         fedora
xrdb.x86_64                                          1.2.2-4.fc41                         fedora
xsel.x86_64                                          1.2.1-2.fc41                         fedora
xset.x86_64                                          1.2.5-6.fc41                         fedora
xss-lock.x86_64                                      0.3.0^20140302git1e158fb20108-5.fc41 fedora
xvidcore.x86_64                                      1.3.7-12.fc41                        fedora
xwininfo.x86_64                                      1.1.5-9.fc41                         fedora
xxd.x86_64                                           2:9.1.1623-1.fc41                    updates
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                   0.8.3-1.fc41                         updates
xz.x86_64                                            1:5.8.1-2.fc41                       updates
xz-devel.x86_64                                      1:5.8.1-2.fc41                       updates
xz-libs.i686                                         1:5.8.1-2.fc41                       updates
xz-libs.x86_64                                       1:5.8.1-2.fc41                       updates
xz-lzma-compat.x86_64                                1:5.8.1-2.fc41                       updates
yajl.x86_64                                          2.1.0-24.fc41                        fedora
yaml-cpp.x86_64                                      0.7.0-6.fc41                         fedora
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                   1.5.1-1.fc41                         fedora
zenity.x86_64                                        4.0.5-1.fc41                         updates
zeromq.x86_64                                        4.3.5-17.fc41                        fedora
zfs-fuse.x86_64                                      0.7.2.2-31.fc41                      fedora
zig-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-3.fc41                             fedora
zimg.x86_64                                          3.0.5-3.fc41                         fedora
zip.x86_64                                           3.0-41.fc41                          fedora
zix.x86_64                                           0.6.2-1.fc41                         updates
zlib-ng.x86_64                                       2.2.3-2.fc41                         updates
zlib-ng-compat.i686                                  2.2.3-2.fc41                         updates
zlib-ng-compat.x86_64                                2.2.3-2.fc41                         updates
zlib-ng-compat-devel.x86_64                          2.2.3-2.fc41                         updates
zoom.x86_64                                          6.4.10.2027-1                        @commandline
zram-generator.x86_64                                1.1.2-12.fc41                        fedora
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                       1.1.2-12.fc41                        fedora
zsh.x86_64                                           5.9-15.fc41                          fedora
zstd.x86_64                                          1.5.7-1.fc41                         updates
zvbi.x86_64                                          0.2.42-1.fc41                        fedora
zxcvbn-c.x86_64                                      2.5-3.fc41                           fedora
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                     2.2.1-2.fc41                         fedora
zziplib.x86_64                                       0.13.74-2.fc41                       fedora
